this is why computers are one of the most valuable things to have in your home.
exploring the internet is what a computer can do.
you can buy house hold appliances.
some people use them to get online education.
the main way of being social these days, other than texting, is to chat online with friends.
i think that if you look deep down into what it to say how you will understand why we need to do healthier ?
that is a fun way to connect with others like relatives you have never met or that live far away, friends, friends of friends, etc.
when you call someone you can't be sure if they are busy or not.
computer are helpful when your car is broken down or when you have no car.
yes, you would do this in a social studies look buts is much easier and faster online.
secondly, people would be able to learn about faraway places.
some people would rather stay on the computer than hangout with family and friends.
censoring leads to an ignorant, opinionless, and clueless society.
also, people can use computers to talk to people living close or far away from you.
thanks to computer scientest have found cours for deseses, jobs have become easier and communication with friends or family have become afordable.
computers are very environmental friendly and so are people today.
secondly, the more time you spend cooped up inside the less time you get to enjoy nature.
there are so many helpful things to use it for.
first, when spending days on your keyboard you will have less time to run or play with your friends.
i can think of several books that, i would not want a child of mine to pick up and read.
children specially the younger ones like her very much.
how often do you eat dinner with the whole family.
and you hale your taxes infront of your eyes.
there is only people who are not yet ready for the they are about to obtain.
being on the computer is good because it develops hand-eye coordination.
from experiance, i've read a couple racy books and they are disturbing for me, being an imatture addiunce.
not only can computers help you with information, it can make school projects so much easier.
it would of taken me forever to there, so instead i went online and talked to him.
another thing i like are sports.
my address was also posted, because that message was a mobile upload.
lets you meet new people without having to tell them who you are.
finally, i think that censoring what is put on the shelves would be a mistake.
students in classes write reports for projects or even for class work.
although tolstoy was born an aristocrat he disliked the snobbish behavior of the aristocratic society.
we don't want this to happen to our youth because we are the future and if this keeps up the state and country will suffer.
that is what makes this country great.
it's too much of a pain to keep everything on files.
it is also a great source of distance teaching and collage transmissions.
books that people say are offensive are usually the interesting ones.
you'd be the outsider.
people can use computers for almost everything for one their are hundred of websites on the computer.
books, music, movies, and magazines have bad messages or nudity, but that does not give anyone the right to get rid of them.
i would give due place to co-curricular activities.
one person might find a topic very offensive while that same topic sparks interest in another individual.
if we did not have phones to use to call someone.
i think this because i know some people that excersise and go on the computer mainly, i don't think computers are a bad thing.
, books, and music affect alot of how children view the world.
communicating with others.
sometimes there is even a snow the experience of being there.
she went up to her and kissed her on the forehead,with tears filled in her eyes.her said 'now dear why must you be crying.'
computers really are the best electronic in the world.
everywhere one goes, something is being kept from them.
but thats their decision and not everyone should listen to it or just try to do it.
you have friends with and know who they are and won't need to figure it out.
i could understand why some peole think computers have a bad effect on people.
pick out a childs book like or , don't pick out a book from .
( .s someday computers are going to take over the world and you will be sorry you didn't listen to me.)
millions who on the computer gain weight.
respectable and an example to others.
jim also get his freedom with finn’s help.
did you want to hear your favorite bands new album?
that same day i came across a younger kid approaching his father with a book about sex and one about killing.
take my friend she was online one day when a man started to talk to her.
my name is and i think computers are not bad.
libraries should not have to take books off the shelf just because someone found it offensive or did not like it.
this be old fashioned, but there are an enormous amount of great effects for using pen and paper.
makes you lazy and keeps you from you kids.
first, computers teach you hand-eye coordination.
think of everything you would lose, everything you could never get back, or would you rather do something that you would gain from in the future.
computers haven't been around all that long for the public, so the public has little experience.
that dosnt make much to me.
what i am going to tell you could change the way you think about computer in general.
each person has their own type of information and genres that they like.
everyone is different and this causes the interests of each person to be different, also.
because, it causes them to get less exercise, they don't interact with people, as much, and it distract them.
but i thought about it i decided that i was aganist using computers.
how is this helpful?
they aren't going to internet with their friends or family.
wether it be in schoool work or losing weight.
they get less exercise.
i'm writing this letter to you to tell you my opinion if technology believe that technology have positive effect on people.
he killed many people, destroyed many shops and probably even sold a lot of drugs.
secondly, talk to family and friends without having to spend money.
some people can be on the computer all day and night doing nothing besides online chating when they can be doing a essay or something helpful or caring.
there is all diffrent kinds of bees and you might find one that looks like something.
if are words you dont understandd then you can look them out.
so instead handwritting papers, kids make it easier on by typing their work.
people against computers say it takes away time from interacting with family, however, this is not true.
this brings up the of . ''
it takes you away from your kid's family because that will start to fill as if you love that computer more then them.
to show the world 's youth is the future, and it is looking pretty bright.
being on the computer too much can harm your brain also.
the computer is definetly a easy sources for information on different areas and people.
sometimes the really good books are when they are offensive, because they are actually telling you what they really believe in.
when you censor movies and music your also censoring out their idea's.
the computer is really helpful because you could find pictures of places and information of people.
how do you think the world would be without computers?
did you know that of people on dating, sites set ?
you just have to know how to be safe online, if not, the computer can be a very negative object for you.
my third and final reason is no future.
cures for different disease like cancer can be found.
opinions are alternated often about many different things, being a homosexual is one of the many that people debate about most often.
but, they all did also agree on the fact that they really do not have the right to remove them from the shelves.
that was just my opinion/thoughts on that topic.
i believe if libraries had limited things that alot of people would not come to the library.
dear local newspaper , is great concern about computers and wether or not people spend to much time sitting infront of the screen or not.
most people think that computers are beneficial because you can find cool information.
two, buisnesses will lose customers.
people should be active because it's fun and your socialicing with people and playing sports with or .
so go out and find you a computer and find somethine you need to do or learn or just to have some fun.
selling movies, magazines, and music saying or doing things that are rebelious is easy money for opper teens and older people.
asking the library to censor their materials is like asking the internet to censor theirs.
dear , people use computers more?
for starters, the newspaper companies use computers to write the paper.
although, this book contains a rape scene and numerous other inappropriate events that this woman was succumbed to throughout her life.
another reason why computers are a neccessity in our is because reseach for and easier.
you can look up facts you need or even play games when your bored.
there are laws against restricting what a person can or can not view.
then it can give a better communication to others that lives farther away from you.
we the people are the ones that want these books, movies, magazines, and music.
to some, having this much freedom causes great things to happen.
it seemed as though he never left.
checking the computer is the first thing they do when they get home from school and the last thing hey do before going to sleep at night.
most people, schools, catch their buisnesses with out a computer.
using a computer you have to look at the screen and type at the same time.
statistics show that more than of have gained weight due to not exercising and their grades have dropped on grading scale.
also, people miss out on other outdoor activities as well.
this law was enacted in the of and is still in effect today.
adults sometimes have chats for their work to talk with their fellow workers.
you would not need to buy a ticket, but the control of content would be phenomial compared to what it is.
is this you want for your self and generations to come?
censorship in libraries would take away from people some historical readings, because of nude statues and the way they talked.
more exercise could also be helpful because you could have health preventing you from getting deabetes, and a lot of people get diabetes from body in shape.
other peoples parents feel the same way.
i think computers can help in life, but not to be on for like eight hours.
my father is always on the computer, checking e-mails, typing something for this boss; and even talking on a video conference.
just knowing how to work one is an important skill but there are many features computers have that will help when a job or in college.
walking up and down isles looking at all of the books, and wishing that they were all more interesting.
so don't waste your life on a game or chat room get out there and do something like sports or just get some fresh air.
often times, a student can look at his or her own morals and values, which is a good thing.
should books, magazines, movies, and music be put in higher reaches of children, or should they be left in plain sight?
these books could include topics such as wars, eras, people, ect.
'so take them out' is some of the parents are saying now a days.
if computers are so great now, just imagine what they will be like in or years.
i enjoyed it.
but i am here to argue the .
when there at that age in there life so there going to find out some how or another.
you can do many things on them such as play games, watch videos, search the web, and even communicate with people from all over the world.
so people, if you can't take the heat, stay out of the kitchen.
throughout these next paragraphs i will be giving you all of my reasons on the things that computers help people do.
then they can at least teach their childern about uncensored content.
back in the ninetinth and twentith centerys, cursing was huge in books.
now on to more about why.
also they could be talking to one of their family relatives.
but last sunday was different.
i personally don't believe they should us censorship in libraries.
those are the reasons why i think that computers are a benifit to our society.
i know when i get home from school the computer is all i can think about until i go on.
so as you can see, computers benefit society because you can learn all types of things online.
what do you think?
now a days instead of bitting the gym many people are home on the computer talking to friends or playing computer games.
the computer, can bring most any paper work or work book you need to get the job done.
in the library is ok but it could be jus a little better.
first reason that we need computers is that it can be a map for us.
magazines have certain articles that are racist and certain articles that are very offensive to certain religions.
people don't have this they spend their day on the computer.
well me, i do not, and i'm a strong willed, strong opinionated person and to me that is all wrong.
but most the people that i know that are different colored are pretty hilarious and sometimes make jokes about it.
finally, computers can be useful for schools and work.
dear newspaper, i thought that i should express my concern.
being on the computer to much will make you not want to exerise and that won't be good for your body.
you don't even have to travel to see your relatives in .
what if you have relatives that live far away that you miss alot?
in my opinion, it depends on what they are saying or what they are showing.
we people as a whole need to come together to make this happen.
books, music and movies should not be taken from shelves for the fact that they teach us a lesson about life without it really happening to someone.
you can go on the computer and look up the place and see what it is about and also see what other people said about.
dear, concerned with an issue that people are using computers and not exersising.
instead of talking hearing voice on the phone.
in conclusion, computers are taking over our minds and were not getting much exersise.
people believe it is a way to be more social, but it really isn't.
people will soon stop believing that non sense and eventually stop purchasing these newspapers.
if you have a daughter or a son and know they have said some of thease things now you know you children have been and always lied to you.
some of those people have a family, and doesn't want them to see their face on the front cover of a magazine.
which can cause people to loose time and friends.
a few years back, my mom stopped taking my brother and i to the library.
with passels of days like this ahead, you can' wait.
pen pals are people you write to but they don't live in the state as you or sometimes not even the same country.
in fact computers help us out a lot.
these materials do not have to be removed completely.
also from experience i have learned that a boom that is no longer on the shelf that someone has removed is not a good feeling.
it nearly impossible not to stay in contact with friends and faimly using , you can look up old friends and faimly.
here is one example, everone has forgot there work at school or your office at least once in your life.
we bought tickets and entered the exhibition grounds.
such as or .
they are seeing a picture not the healthy.
what people years ago would never think possible, we can use at a moments notice, and yet still, many people don't appreciate it.
i hope that you agree with computers having a great effect on people!
doesnt matter you go on just dont all the time.
recent studies show that the more a person knows about their vacation destination the more enjoyable it is.
please consider my opinions the right way.
so till next time
crank, , and is a trilogy of books that show the life of .
libraries need to realize that.
the computer is the best way to stay close to your family even though they are far away.
also if you just want time to go by you can use the computer as entertainment by chatting with other and playing games.
and out of that put internet on their phone so they can go on myspace, facebook, ect.
even the most popular man or woman on the planet has been offended at least once or twice.
my three arguments are, they help your typing skill educational.
imagine how impossible it would be for most people to do their jobs without them life would become much harder for the people living on this planet.
therefore explains that computers are not good for society.
they have to join the other queue and are again at the fag end.
some people have long distance relationships right?
if you go on a historian websites that someone could learn about different typs of people.
and this can make there life wader because now they are on heelthy they are just seating down all day anyways.
studies show that of the kids who use his or her computer for more than hours a day is obese.
how could anyone expect us to see our family in friends if there is no webcam?
i also read every single one of books.
without computers would not know the important news when needed to or information needed for a specific moment.
'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.
if you talk to someone about sex and they start to laugh and make jokes then there not very mature.
sometimes people, dont know when they want to leave the country.
get some exercise.
if you live in , and you want to have a trip to the this deal is really good.
how is our country supposed to be clean if people want even turn off the computer the hour a day and see the world?
it will cool you down without having to pay money for an air conditioner.
these people are spending like hours tops on the computer.
if you move away from all your friends and family, wouldn't you want to still keep intouch with them?
suddenly i felt that i was in the fairyland.
i make this opinion by the guidlines our country was built on, freedom of speech and equality for everyone.
this why the library has 'kids' selction away from the 'adult' selction.
for example when my class researched different things about the , our main source of infromation was the internet on our computers.
but thats only the good things here are the bad.
the experts say that people are spending less time with there friends and family then on the computer.
you learn that in on place it's sunny all the time and in other places it's not.
, , email, etc.
webcams allow people to talk face to face up close about the new gym they joined.
in addition to lacking exercise, many humans are losing the physical interaction that they should have.
i personally believe that removing things from the public eye, merely because they're offensive, would be wrong for many reasons.
computers do not create positive benefits to society.
you can go online and find everyone, in ten minutes.
what would happen if you were to go to a location that you thought was nice, but it turned out to be the worst place ever?
yes there are but using a computer is so much more faster.
it is the first thing that we look for every morning.
they just ignore it, the world needs more people like that.
sometimes they get more than the persons who earn their living by doing hard work for long hours.
you can use the computer to lock up your subject and a different websites will come speed quick to your screen.
suddenly it started raining.
instead of letting the facts be the facts people want to adjust things so it is less offensive.
if that book is taken off the shelf, it is restricting other people, such as , who would like to learn or read about that specific subject.
see, now you heard it from the expert as well.
when a train arrives, there is a lot of noise and confusion.
yet parents lot the children on them.
people read what they want to so they can enjoy it, not to bash the wuthor for his writing.
if we all had the same opinions, we would not be ourselves in anyway.
but then just think, each book that we won't have to purchase would save us each.
while walking around the zoo, i saw boards which warned us not to feed the animals.
also, with you can chat with your best friends and can actually see what they are doing.
this is what i think the computers effects have on people.
most likely not all of that is due to the use of computers, but i bet a great deal of it is.
people age sixteen to forty-eight spend - hours of free time daily on their computer.
they help town in countless ways and "" "" readers should be aware of this.
censoring certain things means that people are not going to learn from the mistakes of our pass.
another way of communication is through email.
but who has time to go to the library and spend hours searching for an answer that would take a matter of seconds to find on the computer?
a library is a place to go read, study, complete homework assignments etc.
go on a vacation get away with your family.
how cool is that reading this letter and sharing it to your company i believe that you should support my cause.
parker goes on leaving websites.
they are everywhere.
if you walk in to a store and see something you do not like you shouldn't be able to try and get rid of that object.
he says that of people get a because their boss is so impressed with their consistent timing.
what if we took you computer away?
i read an article on the web page and on paragraph sec.
i guess i said a very inapropeate word and they had no idea the book had that kind of language in it.
now you must understant when i tell you that computers are important and very useful in society.
with e-mail you can check up on news or simply write to friends and family!
it has a charm of its own.
most of the people who spend alot of time on the computer don't interact with their friend and family much.
has no long tail.
therefore, people are happy, librarians happy, and most of all you are happy.
you can play games, surf the web, or you can watch videos on networks such as youtube.
if the author or publisher took the the time to create the work, then they should recieve credit for making it.
imagine all the jobs at each buisnesses without a computer.
don't you think that interacting with people around the world would be challenging?
for example, if you were writing an important document or sending an email to your boss about work and your computer suddenly crashes, would you be upset?
the writers or the library owners wouldn't let there own children read it so why should it be okay for someone else child to read or watch it.
it is okay for someone to talk to their friends, but you need to watch the time so you do not get carryied away.
the books that were found offensive should not be read at all.
with a computer, you can find out all of that information.
if something was removed from the shelf at a library, because someone found it offensive, i would be disturbed.
but are computers too , are many ways to communicate with friends/family.
we have today the great epics in the form of scriptures and literature.
surely, computers allow you my cousin on the computer and important to note that, on computers you can play games that can help you with your school-work.
also for questions you can go to one of the websites an you ask the question and many other people might answer the question your looking for.
i'm not saying go and show a four year old a rated '' movie but lighten up on somethings.
i hope you are for the mind, tips and family.
everyone has a different view of books.
vendors shout their wares at the top of their voices.
dear local newspaper, i beileve that using computers is a good idea and will help people.
in these times, though, it seems ardous to come across a good book that is like the classics.
typing takes to get good at but is very helpful.
a philosophic approach towards life will cultivate through prayer.
in school you learn about very historic people who have been dead for thousands of years.
that's the kind of question my brother was curious about.
there really helpful.
i think that computers are good use, many people use it for research and resources.
let's go on. ""
almost everyone that has a computer and is addicted to it has glasses.
another positive effect of using computers is the resource and information provides too you.
they can be done only by the help of a computer.
they all rely on trees to survive.
also, a study by the has shown that there are roughly fewer conversations at social gatherings than just .
kids talk to people, how do they know who they really are?
man was that a tragedy!
these experts that are concerned also say people need to enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends more.
i'm not the only one that thinks that "" a computer is what keeps or alive"".
we also use milk to make yogurt, cheese, cream, and chocolates.
even oprah winfrey uses the webcam feature on computers to have people ""skype"" on to her show.
they are as important as the heart.
there are so many more things people can do besides go on the computer.
today we live in a scary and violent society, so being 'street smart' is an advantage.
who are we to tell people what they can and can't write down.
it would mre costly taken over two houses just to find the same information that five minutes using a computer.
i think its wrong to remove a book off of the shelf, just because a few or a bunch of people think its inaproprate.
computers are good and bad at the same time.
computers prepare is with skills we are going to need when we get jobs.
i believe from watching them, that it helps them grow.
dear newspaper, i have resently read that ther are some people do not agree with computers.
i use to have a's and b's on my report card only.
they want to because they are inappropriate, but the thing is, they are not inappropriate to everyone.
and, you can talk online.
also, a computer can be accessed right in your name, so no travel is required.
a camel is a very useful animal.
during the april holiday, our family went on a trip to hond-kong.
in addition to, computers let you book flights, buy, tax rates.
now, when family or friends.
also, the computer is very distracting.
i enjoy reading very much so and i have read several books since i've been in highschool.
computers have a big negative effect on society because we tend to depend on them too much.
if you're not fit and don't enjoy the beauty of nature you will not know how to live a good life.
hand-eye coordination is very important to learn and computers help to teach it to people.
so in my opinion, i think that the libraries shouldn't have to remove these books from the shelves.
please keep reading to hear my ideas.
boredom is bad, because kids will do anything to stop it.
now i can just go on the website and find out 'everything i wanted to know about that place.
some people just stay in the and stay on the computer got playing baceball or football or going to family reunions.
and company how make them is making a lot money.
i walk barefoot on the grass.
one health problem is that you can become a hermet and stay inside all day because your too attached to the computer.
its effecting them.
another problem is that you can become verry obease because your not getting any physical exersise.
he held the boy tight and swam to safety.
as a result, the computer should be used wisely.
my second reason is that fast food resrurants or even resturants use computers, instead of using cash registers.
next, you can talk to friends all the way in another country without having to pay extra for a long distance call.
i think the comp is a in every household.
should materials in libraries be censored?
one of the boys calls out, hey, look at his and the rest of his family rushes to his side.
also being able to look up school work with.
the best thing we can do is protest it and hope that it will start fading from the public some day.
the variety of subjects in a library such as songs, magazines and everything else in the library is huge.
for instance there is 'to a ,' ' in the ,' ',' and the like.
if you have an ipod or player you can download the music from the computer.
nine out of ten people go on the computer at least more than once a month to learn about something new.
if there are book you dont want youself to read then don't read them.
thats what would have happend if we dident have advances in technology.
computers are changing the world throughout everywhere.
there is just to name a few.
you use computers to edit and put together your paper before printing.
it has helped one as a student.
with a computer with a dose drive, you can watch any .
we meet new friends and chat online and never meet them and socialize, so that is one disadvantage of a computer.
the magic of mutual love will bring boundless joy as love knows no weariness.
think about the a day doing fat because of all the fast food on the computer while eating it.
they do help.
most of us want to know if our family and friends are ok and healthy, even though we can't see them in person.
do you think that your eyes are going to be fine i disagree.
some people just sit around all day playing games and being lazy.
but if the state had not allowed these books to be taken off of the shelves then we would not have had this problem.
first by subject, down to the author.
there is all kinds of genres of books and music around, some have more strong language in them then other genres.
every day in the morning i clean and oil it.
its bad for people to be reading those tip of magazines.
lastly, computers give us the chance to express our ideas like never before.
video games make you think that is also reason they are good.
so help the world help you, and go promote the use of computers across your community.
truth is, there will always be people who disagree on subject, but that is just the way things are.
this is because she types and researches information all day long.
there are movies made for sex, drugs, an achole.
my mother is a teacher.
some of these books have historical meanings behind them.
i go to the park.
plus, you can comunicate with anyone you want.
books with a lot of cursing can be offensive to religions groups who are forbidden to curse or read curse words.
so next time your really upset that you can't go shopping, just shop online. ""
they would get lost and not know how to read a map.
there are procautions that parents and people who do not want to see this literature can take.
i tried buying new clothes and changing my hair color.
now a days you can do anything on a computer.
this technology can be the best thing that has ever happend to the world.
there are better alternatives.
yes, computers make life easier, but they have a much more negative affect than they do a positive one.
although technology is progressing computers are only the basics.
i always remember my grandfather saying "",i don't know why you folks waste all your precious time and money on these doo-dads!""
traveling on footboards is very common.
it came to my attention that many people are concerned that computers are not very good in my opinion i think computers are they help typeing skills.
this helps develop skills later on such as problem solving.
so it won't do any good to try to get rid of it.
exercise is big and all should do it.
the chief technological preference, computers, is greatly beneficial, arent as bad as many people speculate, and help us live and prosper in this struggling world.
this proves my point that companies and small buisnesses require the features of a computer to smoothly run the buisness of which they run or one employed at.
they have a muriad of purposes and functions.
i state this because the web has many things to do.
you can also watch on there!
you can, in less than one minute go on the internet type in to whatever movie or book you want and start watching instantly.
if we would censore everything we did we would have a city and nation that would slowly.
if someone says something about someone else, then i do believe it's wrong.
the games are horrible for the computer.
he has one son and one daughter.
it's filled with the computers on top.
even though the sun does have harmful days, it is still important for health that everyone spends some time in the sun.
classes have even been created in schools because of the popularity of computers.
an i learned most of my cooking online.""
instead of filing in a cabinet people and workers use computers to put their patients, clients, and workers.
you shouldn't have to be in an environment were things are offending you.
not only do people lie about their age, they lie about who they are.
when they get addicted they will probly fail in school because they do not do their homework.
on the other hand i don't think that it should have to be removed out of the library just because i dont like it.
everyday, the teachers would give an update over his computer.
since our technology is so up to date the computer is right there sitting with many of the helpfull facts we would like to know.
without the freedom of press, many of the most classic modern literature would not exist and their messages would be unknown.
if were not enjoying outdoors then half of amarica would be as plae as can be.
for example family parties, or just watching a show on the t.v.
and who know that person can be a fiftey year old woman or man.
almost every modern day buisness relies on at least one computer.
my third reason is kids might have an e-mail.
don't take it for advantage, but use it well.
let me ask you this question again.
the chances seem bleak.
i believe that you can learn so much from what you read in a book, (a real book)!
you can be alone on the computer in a dark room.
, it teaches children and adults various now things.
i can imagine that my grades would be i did have access to the internet of at home.
if your sitting in front of a computer all day your body is going to shut down and won't get the proper exercise.
a lot of peoples skin is jiggily and fat because of computers.
my family lives in and i visit them every year.
i feel that those people that think computers do not benefit society, are right.
my last reason is that computers are the general health of people today.
people's beliefs are determined by where they grew up and when, and they'll hold on to those things for their lifetime.
so lets get rid of all the bad stuff or atleast filtyer it all.
another reason is that is good is that if you can't do somthing and our in a bind you can tell the person that you can't.
this essay is all about wether certain materials in libraries should be removed from the shelves if they are offensive to some.
computers are one of the most advance technology, you can search anything in the world.
you can talk to people on the other side of the earth and get more inforamtion from them.
second, i dont think we should remove offenssive materials off the shelves because of what they mean to us.
it would be hectic right?
the computer was a great invention and it is benefited mankind as we speak and that it is that hard to set up.
dear newspaper i think that computers have a positive effect on people, here are my reasons.
if people start to see what is heppening with our exsistence the more people would stop being stached to their computers.
equipped with tools and various settings to keep you safe, you can find long-lost friends or out-of-touch family members and instantly catch up.
you should get some exersise at the park with your firends and family.
they explain how the media of their time wasn't as open about sex and violence.
so get off the computer and hang with your family and friends.
the amount of computer usage has been significantly growing over the years.
computers are very helpful to all people but they are adicting.
violence is an act of the beast.
because that is getting away from what the over all message is about.
if you're a parent it's not like you can shield your children from everything because eventually they will learn what it all is.
they welcomed visitors.
computer's have become a negative influence on people today.
they are also good because they help you communicate with friends and help people make plans to do with friends.
computers are great ways to meet people online so that you stay social and not.
in conclusion, being able to communicate with others on a computer, is only i, of the many benefits a computer has!
many people think there are only pointless games on the comuter but there are educational fun games well such , , and to learn.
the computer is to blame for this new pamedemic.
in my opinion, computers hace a phenomenal affect on people and their lives.
computers in general can be distracting, very dangerous, and give people less time to excercise.
computers are also good because if you have a project to do from school then you could get good information based on what project you have to do.
and those are social networks, if you like to watch tv.
with these people can learn about other peoples opinions or spend time playing games.
lastly, social sites such as facebook, and twitter are a valuable way to communicate with people.
you can look up what happened during one of your favorite basketball games.
you will absolutly need to know how to use a computer for and school.
says that in there were people useing computers, and it there are nearly million people using computers, thats a big increase in the last copple of years.
you can choose whether you want that censorship or not.
if all libraries were censored it could potentially lead to several complications with workers, students, or people who are just looking for a good book to read
the reason for this is that this technology takes learning to places it has never gone before.
there are many bad things about the invention of computers, they give access to the internet.
you could of missed a year of stuff.
or sometimes you migth have magazines you can check out too.
some were reading newspapers.
computers allow our lives to be just as enjoyable as they are meaningful by getting our work done faster.
of americans have a computer or a cellphone with internet.
unfortunately those that spend alot of time on the computer are not usually okay with exercising either.
there are other alternations you could make instead of using an computer.
i am for computers because you can talk to friends online, learn stuff and play video games.
your never going to find that anywhere else unless you buy off line.
also, people are able to communicate online.
also, parents and kids who spend all day on their computer or laptop can be over weight.
for example, if i was to not go outside for a whole day, and i got to spend my time on the computer i would be miserable.
it is a gift of the nature.
i go home do my homework and go on the computer and listen to music to relax.
a cording to recent studies, over of people interviewed said they had excellent hand-eye coordination and said it was on the computer.
we need our information!
nature can be spared.
libraries around the world need to better there restrictions, even laws to stop poisoning the minds of our young.
many websites online these days have social networks such as youtube, facebook, twitter, and myspace.
if we cant deal with these problems first then computers will turn out to be a bad thing.
i know that books and tapes can be incouraging sex but they are mainly talking to adults.
wether those words be good or bad i feel like with out them the book that is being read is not all of what it could of been.
for example, things they are interested to read.
children do not choose their parents.
just because someone doesn't enjoy this material that the library has provided, doesn't mean that the material should be taken away.
the story is about a white family trying to help an @caps4 man who was accused of raped when he never commited such thing.
these are kids who have recently started going on the computer for a couple hours at a time everyday.
they are now happily engaged.
so should we keep using computers for the good of our society, or not use computers to exercise more?
people should stop spending so much time on computers.
for even some business man its an way to have meetings without flying miles.
there are ways to cencor things to parts and not others.
at this rate i'm scared of the thought of what you're kids are going to see, son.'
the effect computers have an people are that they help and benefit the society.
that means everyday someone can learn something everyday of their life.
we could use what we learned to discover new things and help us to make the community, as a whole, .
i hope you agree the computers do not always help society.
you would jus type in, ""when was boen.""
computers have made a big improvement on how we live, and it's for the better.
any person that finds a book offensive should just ignore it and not read the book.
when springs set in, flowers burst into bloom and the earth seems to be smiling.
there is also a deises called carpel tunnel that when you can really grasp anything anymore.
instant messaging people doesn't mean you are going socal skills.
there are many verses and songs written about their beauty an innocence.
what about the adults who find no harm in seeing or hearing these things?
those who support advances in technology belive that computers have a positive affect on people like me.
better ways exist than sitting in a classroom listening to someone talk.
don't you hate it when you feel week and tierd?
a lot of business people need it to work and last it is a good research engine.
in my opinion i think that this idea could help out our youth and there parents make better choices in the content they are submitting themselves to.
my aunt had always dreamed of going on vacation but couldn't find any information on fun, outdoor places.
the stores and libraries should set limits on books and ages.
computers can make people from faraway places learn about the culture and ways of another person's lifestyle.
the computer mostly uses e-mail.
there is more than just books at the public library, there are movies and documentaries of our nation and the .
so now that you read this i hope i got my point out to you, about what a computer can do to you in the end.
thats way you simply can't gain social skills sending all this time talking online.
there can also be language that the kids should not read.
because many jobs require experience with computers they shouls be a part of any community.
now we to problem that we see occuring all over .
there are many shops where shopkeepers sit inside with their
i think that computers have a good effect on people.
it's just like youre right there with you.
this is why movies, books, magazines, or even music should not be removed from shelves.
dear , computers are a great invention but people are starting to dislike it.
incredibly, unlike calling people and using a phone using these websites is free and open to anyone.
a certain amount of time can be plugged in.
if the computer was taken away people will still choose the lasy way and just drive cars.
so they will choose to maybe find offensive materials.
an alternative where songs don't cost money, and neither do music videos.
computers not only help people in school but at home too.
that are story changer her anyday life because takes food for granted.
the reader should be prompted on what books they read before doing so.
for starters, all of these new and improved gadgets are time consuming.
these people also have no time for their outdoor activities they used to enjoy.
dear local newspaper, are so many people that addicted to computers.
computers are negative to people since they ruin their relationships with friends and family.
also in schools and jobs you need to know a variaty of unusual facts.
people get to do their job or enjoy nature still because their day is open and not busy.
"" , why weren't you online ?
how do computers though help us with work?
so then the guy that was talk about how the farm books should get pulled off the shelf he ask the librarian where the books was on spaceships.
some people don't know what their kids like to read.
why people should get out more is they can have coumite shion with friends and family.
i just think that people should write for the pure joy of it, not to persuade people to do something bad,or give bad thoughts or ideas.
during summers he grows rice, cotton, and jute.
you could lose them with snap of you fingers by spending more time focused no the computer, rather than your friends and family.
leisure can restore our energy, comfort us and make us strong to work again.
i strongly agree that computers have a positive effect on our society.
his friends like to play with him.
when your on the computer you are alot less socal than you would be if you not on the computer.
history is bond to repeat itself right?
the addiction to computer is so bad that people do have a look of and interacting with things.
computers have millions of games that a kid can play for free.
it would be impossible to make sure that nothing in libraries would be offensive to .
he had been a slave boy.
the weather can always be found on time web for any in the world.
now the internet for a person to such to find facts relating to their topic.
being a popular used computer have beenimportant to make them the best.
you could also watch music video's or funny videos to get you laughing.
dear , i think that being on the computer too long is bad for people because, you could get obsessed with the computer.
these people get not enough exercises, which are very unhealthy they tend to get their meals done at fast foods which are unhealthy as well.
overall computers are bizarre pieces of technology that can be unsafe, not truthful, and are forcing children to become more dependent on adults.
people could assume that drugs kill you.
my last reson being their should be more friendler family time enstead of computer time.
i keep in touch with her on .
you can go online to a website such as www.mapquest.com.
have you ever had to write a paper and there wen't any books or encyclopedias available?
you can send them all emails in under a few minutes.
almost everyone in the uses a computers at one point in their life.
and what people should do to not getting stuff that is offensive to them...' '!
i think so.
i was drawn to this hobby when i was just six years old.
do you want to be that person?
not only is that education but that also helps the environment because you would be saving paper.
sitting infront of the computer isn't going to help our environment.
if we went to travel by train we have to buy tickets.
whoever picks up this offensive matrial has a choice wheater or not they read it.
finally, once you have your information all you have to is your source.
sure they are fun, and sure their very usefull but they are time consuming.
for example if you need information on the country in the you can finf it with a computer.
should not be removed from certain library shelves because people have enough sense on what they are interested in and what they are not interested in.
they have many different subjects math, science, history language and much much more.
how much of your free time daily to you spend on the computer?
do you think computers are handy?
but then they also have uncensored items.
no i do not think that books and other materials should be taken off the shelves of a library if someone thinks its offensive.
there are many ways to approach this question.
he cannot eat proper food.
therefore, computers would lead to students getting better grades.
now just imagine how much money our society would gain after year!
computers then come in handy.
i use to keep in touch with family on the .
if you spend all of your time on the computer doing whatever your doing you won't have time to go out and exercise.
even though and i were close, i felt as though was always hiding something.
everyone should have a computer in there home today.
computers can also help people learn in many ways.
such a lovely sound.
if you have a laptop you can bring it anywhere you want you don't have connect anything it take wireless and you can connect to the .
dear newspaper, do you feel about computers?
i hated seeing my friend like this, but mostly i hated how i watched it happen.
also, teachers can put their grade books in their had drive.
more important things should be done during this time like studying or doing homework.
also when you are outside you can play with your friends or siblings.
it provides a social aspect where you can talk to friends & family.
that my my opinion about why people should have computers.
that's why i think we should keep computers in this world.
for example people that can't walk and don't like going to regular school.
the cost of production has gone down.
said the chief othopedic sergeon of .
after an hour or so, i woke up and went to my parents’ room.
computers are ruining peoples expierence with the great outdoors.
information can be found in any subject.
a book is simply a way to learn and explore the different things in life.
since no one is the same what someone might not find appealing can be amazing thing to another person.
computers are used from leaning or for fun.
their is a problem for this idea, what books should go into this section of the library?
people can look up places for vacations, what their child's grade in school is, and find healthy food recipies.
let's not forget shopping and internet.
they want the movie or book to be as real as posssible.
many issues cause obesity but technology (computers) take a big role in it.
now one day if you need one of these things remember this and check out the hottest sites on the .
the song ' you' by , they replaced the word with ''.
also to be able to learn about faraway places will help in school.
furthermore, this addiction problem would be totaly gotten rid of it we stopped using computers.
another great use for the internet is e-mail to e-mail makes our lives a lot easier now that more people use it.
finnaly i think that computers benifit our soceity because they teach hand eye coordination other life skills.
so how can people still think computers are good?
if your child gets on to one he accidentlly link heimself to a dirty or bad websites.
you go to a sweaty old gym, or you stay at your beautiful clean have with the inernet?
addicts should minimize their time on the !
well computers can be a good or a bad thing.
so then the question is arised, why is it alright for us to watch movies like ?
another positive effect computers have on people is that they can learn new things.
katherine paterson once said, 'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.
computers are a wonderful thing to have in our society.
four out of five people each year are losing interest in going outside to play.
stay in the past, when the door to the future open?""
sample say if your phone isn't working and the only thing that's working is your computer you to it in contact with somebody.
these people want children's personal information.
says, to the new advancements in technology, people are to spend more time indoors than outdoors and that percentage will most likely increase as the decade proceeds.
should not be taken away from the library shelves because there will always be some offensive objects that some individuals will find offensive no matter what the object is.
books are separated by age too, so a young child will be getting books from the children section so those books are for children and should be appropriate.
will leave someone with nothing to read now.
when a kid watches murder mysteries, fantasy shows, or dramas with bits of nudity, it is different to them and they are curious.
once they find out enough about you they use to it gain your trust and the problem only escalades from there.
but many kids and parents don't use computers for these reasons.
is a huge thing to worry about kids all over are on their computer than outside.
along with sending a letter is the risks that it will not get there.
think of others before you think of yourself sometimes and what their interests are.
computers encourage kids not to study or do homework.
i don't think i would want them to mature that fast, otherwise what is the point of life, or school.
now, due to the wide variety of computer selection, a computer is affordable, starting at prices as low as sixty dollars!
finally, people lose contact with family members of their friends because they are to busy on the computer playing games.
so it just depends on the situation.
if a student was doing a project or just homework and decided to surf the web for some or information they dont know if their information is correct.
so i hope this letter has changed your opinion and thank you for reading it.
the computer lets me see nature, talk to friends and family, and lets me see things, like videos, that twill never ever see in books.
my personaly preffered option is email.
especially keep in mind that computers are for more than just entertainment: they're for education as well.
you also understand about what to do with offensive books.
last is the emerce amount of freedom that any are has with computers.
i believe computer are not a neccesity to people.
plus, nature and the fact of being outside inspire you to continue a diet, or begin one, seeing how healthy and perfect the outdoor can be.
also because of the false information.
as you can see computers are helpfull in many ways.
if it can be played on the radio.
we should all join hands to build a greener and healthier environment.
i think that computers are because you can have arthridis in your finger, loss of vision, and you also should go out side to get fresh air.
that is unfair because some books are beautifully written, but children can't read them because of language.
not to mentio, we even find activities to do in the cold, freezing winter such as sledding nad snowboarding.
not only did they mess up people's lives, but their family too.
for one you might forget what you learned.
and who are we to know that people don't do this with illegal programs?
why wouldn't you want to make the world better.
two: they can look up things to help them.
some of us carried fruits, some carried cakes, and some carried snacks.
my first reason was exersizeing.
that's why we should cherries every last moment we have with them.
my mother kept them carefully in my room.
another, "just to come and paly".
a study shows that phone usage has gone down because adults and teens would prefer to email or instant message a friend.
in magazines they will destorte famous peoples bodies to make them look like something they are not to make people feel like they are not good enough.
a couple of days later after i had handed in my project, i recieved it back.
i'm sure i could think of certain books, movies, music, and magazines that i dont like and could just do without.
did you know out of kids that sit on the computers all day gain at least ?
finally people who have computers are probably happy because computers is a good thing to have because you can do everything on it.
most people use librarys to find information on a certain topic, some of these topics are not always appropiate for certain age groups.
should we keep things like this on shelfs?
it has become a separate field of study with so many specialisation techniques.
you have a faw away cousin and if you call or write them a letter it's too expensive?
if they dont hear it as much then yes i would agree but they should have a point of censorship in the libraries they are in.
from electronics to animals.
some people feel differant about this, and some people take it a little to serious, but you have to remember everyone has their own opinion
this is because everyone has different views on everything.
thats why computers are so convienient.
censorship protects childeren and young adults from viewing things that are adult eyes only such as horror books, offensive music, and in most cases pornography.
this allows people more time to go have fun with their lives and not have to worry about plannings.
the same goes for being told what you can and can not read.
the can be a pretty handy thing but you dont want to be on it for long periods of time.
there is no such thing as bad .
the people of the world always have a priority.
you stay on them for too long.
so i logged into my laptop and went on google, within seconds the definitions wore popping onto my screen like pop rocks.
many people, adults and have because they are world but there that should be explored and people should be thankful for beautiful that we have still .
but yes take with caution there are some magazines out there that your children should never look at till adults.
some materials should be romoved because of the kind of infuence they have on younger kids.
this obsetion with the technology is making it harder for families to grow moved and of were more succesful in school.
outside you get exersize and vitimin while inside you get fat lazy and sick.
some parents wouldn't like their kids to read that kind of book.
that to me just isn't right because they covered he spending quality time with their friends and family, instead they are spending time with their computer.
how could so much knowledge be named unhealthy, or have a negative effect on people?
society today has developed a very unhealthy habit, and it is always using the computer.
no one can.
to get rice the farmers have to hull the paddy seeds.
just like other electronic devices, computers can help you with hand eye coordination.
it's always a pleasure to know that you have so many lovind people around you.
teachers also use computers to look up information on a certain subject.
also computers even broadcast national news.
you can play solo, but it might be more fun and easyier to bring some friends along for the ride.
we won't be able to enjoy the nature around us.
i belive that computer technology is a positive effect on people.
i believe that certain materials such as books, music, movies etc.
some people get obese by doing this.
after the , looked again, but now was sad.
for people that are more vulnerable to those situations or seeing those things, it could greatly help with some people and show them that it is not right.
some of these stories can get very graphic as to convey the point that war is not all fine and dandy and all it seems cracked up to be.
it is just life
when i was small, a mere fight years old, i remember typing.
dear readers of , people today are depating whether having a computer benefits society.
many materials found in a library even if it is offensive can be helpful for someone else.
the purpose of libraries is to educate the citizens of this country and try to better them and help them make clear informed decisions based on their prior knowledge.
if you were to take a book off a shelf that explaind the of because a person found it offensive then we would never make advansis in technology.
people don't need to know when you do things in your day i have keep up this our communication skills are sure to decrease.
you can share you want with people you barely see.
so yet, why do we keep these books in our libraries?
in this i mean that authors, producers, would not be making movies or writting books because their work just keeps getting rejected.
the topic that is on many minds in our country is, ""are computers beneficial, or harmful to our students?""
it's causing people to miss out on this beautiful nature.
it's a good way to communicate without or email i don't know what would happen, but i knoe it would be bad.
'i'm gay.'
you can talk to people in that you couldn't talk to without computers.
i feel like this is not true becuase the book i am reading now, they are partying and drinking, but i'm not out doing that.
the idea of removing these things from library shelves is pointless.
what are some of your feelings about computers.
well, knowing this truth does not stop the victims from getting attracted by this media stunt!
they beleive this because computers make you really focus and pay attention.
almost every teen has a screen name that allows you to chat online with your friends.
this is useful in daly life all the time!
i believe gives people hand-eye coordination and a way to be organized.
censorship is a contraversal topic.
a kid will see this and then they will probably think it is cool and go out and do the same thing.
every other kid got a or above but since i was not use to writing it affected my grade.
does somebody hand write every paper that comes out?
trust me, i'm a teenager.
it deals with the science of information processing, invoicing, recording, manipulating, and retrieving information.
on my labtop i also have a place to put a floppy disc in and a place for a @caps2 to go in to.
computers have been one of technoligy's greatest advances, and yet one of society's downfall.
the drainage system was choked.
they are mammals who belong to the family of whales.
hip is one of the most explicit kinds of music and is very offensive to all kinds of religion and some race of people.
this is the reason why library's should get rid of any kind of magazines under that catagory.
if you want to live long and watch you rkids grow up, the healthier you are the hotter you'll be.
not interacting with people could turn you antisocial and not fun to be around.
parents always say that it is a self-control issue but many adults have the same problem.
this isn't really healthy for us because we might not know how to talk to people in real life.
in conclusion, the books should stay on the shelves.
the lack of exercise while using a computer impacts people more than they realize.
i use the computer to talk to them basically have.
some believe that it is necessary others would disagree.
examinations are held in every school or college.
dear newspaper, has come to my attention that there is an ongoing debate about the issue stating that not everyone agrees that computers benefit society.
another way, i think someone could spend more time on a computer is working on a report.
of kids in my school own a computer.
also we learned the diffrence between good and bad choices.
jobs need computer and most of the need compute like one i wants to be a police officiar and the police officiar.
here are three reasons why, first would be that with advances in tech.
there and rated but alot of partents do not let there kids.
with them when ever i want to.
the show you how to get to a certain destination.
you can make your writing cursive or any other that you would like.
thank you for reading my ideas, editor.
the libraries should be more responsible with the content that they have on their shelves.
i mean you in many website, myspace, facebook, twitter.
i have one because i like to chat with my friends.
i belive that it is an effective too that everybody should have access to.
had a earthquake we went on websites for that.
they give us the ability to learn about things.
some people abuse these rights and people get in trouble.
you could have been apart of those memories.
if these people aren't getting exercise they could become addicted to the computer.
dear local newspaper, i also agree that computers have a positive effect on people.
sometimes, people have even been known to think that their online life is better and get sucked into it.
""i use my computer to stay connected with friends and my family that lives in another county.
not even me"" is the one of many people who are lucking that they harmy typing on the .
but on the other feel that the if he can make their decisions in what is right.
games teach us the way to face failure which we come across atadversary corner.
why on earth did they send this to a school for crying out loud.
most of all, computers represent progress and advancement i see no direct harm from computers.
computers teach you how to type and learn the moun keys.
i dont think we should not take books, music, movies, and magazines off the shelf gets because we think they are offensive to us.
all books and other arts were created to be read and enjoyed by people.
the use of computers has been taken to an extreme level, and is having a negative effect on the community.
to the press.
a person who works especially with bricks stones and cement is called a mason.
this very bad because when your addicted to something, you can go back.
kids aren' interesting in music at that ageso they would'nt bother to see them.
computers help use in many ways but the main reasons are they help us store important documents get better at or learn forein language and get information.
i bought a platform ticket and went inside.
these reasons are why i think a computer is a positive technology.
but some people don't like the computer because they spend more time on it then going outside.
in the field, the player is not supposed to dispute the decion of the captain.
this permission slip will and can be used for all movies.
the rest of the would be for people to study, and read.
computers are helpful to people for example, ir your researching about or you can find almost all the information on the computer in a instant click.
computers benefit society greatly.
one in example is 'to a '.
i see why you might think that the computer is why kids are over-weight but isn't the hour on the computer.
computers seem to be the talk of the year.
our beliefs, life styles, way of thinking, culture, and the list goes on.
some of the books can get pretty nasty and terrible with all of the things they say.
but what's found offensive to most people could be found useful to other people.
there is a question that ponders in my mind.
dear local newspaper, did you know that just about of the people in the have computers and use them daily.
computers anyone it is simply unconstituional.
helping people is very important in this day an age.
third and last, interact with your family and friends.
it might just start a revolution
i can make a connection because i have both a and that i use to stay in contact with family friends from all over.
we can use different tools to set up a slide show while also looking up information on the internet.
and i hope it sticks around for a long time.
these websites people message each other back and forth very quickly and easily.
your staring at a computer screen for so long you don't notice but your eyes are getting damage.
also, simulations and gaming on computers reveal interest for many people.
they form a healthy part of our diet.
, the people agree with what stated.
when you don' interact with your friends, your friends might not bother trying to talk to you.
, and other magazines like it, needs to be taken off the shelves as soon as possible.
some are multi-coloured.
people would gain weight might ever get dabetes from the weight.
computers have many websites that you can go to when looking for that special place.
also communication with people online can be dangerous because the person who you are messaging might not be who they say they are.
not any more.
that is one reason why i support the use of computers.
even doing chores around the house could bring down the obesity rate a lot more then sitting on your butt staring at a screen all day.
you can learn about the care of the earth and what goes on inside it.
the computer is a great divice.
let me explain.
my second reason why computers are a good thing to have is that you can use them to meet new people.
secondly you can learn computers have so many websites that give out alot of information and resent too.
that being said is it wrong or right for someone to want something offensive to removed from the shelves?
these are problems that are very real and aren't being with.
all they are about is chicks and of course the computer.
last, it can help us do are homework if we have on it.
he wanted to reach there soon.
i know i will try my best to not playorise, i can start by getting my own information.
computers are changing the way everyday people live.
if you talk to them in a long time wondering how there doing what they life.
but some children can take some of this stuff the wrong way when they are reading a mature type book.
they don't verbally and physically interact ith their ""online friends"".
i would keep all types of books in my school if i were the principal of my school.
the material being taken off the shelves should be put back on the shelves for the readers who find the material entertaining.
people live in all parts of the world, and those that are lucky get to meet a lot of people from different places in the country.
another exsample could be like you need pictures to make the project look better .
however that some of the websites are fake, which is easy to great research to use for school projects.
will just do this naturally and will not have to relie on computers or for entertainment.
so, they just agreed to look past them and ignore what is there if it offends them for the people who do not find them offensive.
dear , i think some people are overreacting, its not really going to kill you.
everytime i use the computer i wish i could be outside playing and enjoying nature.
we have learned many things from it.
who just wont to get on a computer and read a book. '
simple, all you have to do is reasearch it on your computer.
dear , i have a very strong belief that children and adults are spending far away too much time the computer.
you can just type in the adress of the website and look at all the stuff they have and click what you want and buy !
computers keep people from exercising so their affect on people is negative.
lastly, they allow people to communicate quickly by an email or an .
the world is just a click away!
some offensive things are part of and shows how things progressed from back then to now.
they are the test of cramming, not of knowledge.
dear newspapper i don't think that computers benefit our society.
these things are the reasons computers are good.
computers like anything else, are fine in moderation, but too much of one thing just isn't healthy.
such is the point of censorship: ignoring an issue or a life-choice to the point of extinction.
from what i know.
it's always had to do work when you have no clue what it's about!
too many is my geuss!
therefore computers are great because all assignments look ,better when they are printed.
after an hour she took us back to the bus and we all came back to the school.
there's alway ways to not to be addicted.
last minute things can even be online.
you would not be able to do it by memory, you would need facts.
if the concern is face to face contact, the computer has a cure for that, too, a video messaging site called oovoo.
they were gone.
offensive for me is when its not an appropriate thing like certain images, videos or bad words that should not be use for everybody to hear or see.
a freedom of thought and a freedom of press, present within our nation and increasing in presence around the , precludes the idea of this censorship.
dear fellow citizens, think if you had to get a book for every question you had.
reading a book is not worth going to jail for.
on my labtop and it is preaty much poratble commputer.
it is just starting to scare me about what kind of stuff my little brother and little sister could be reading.
how did he make himself glorious among all other creations?
but mom i dont want to im in the middle of a game.
this comptuer usage problem is beging to become at bigdeal with the obessity and hold much people rely on it for basically everything.
you can to peoples cellphones.
do you think computers are a positive effect or a negative effect?
people who use computers do not spend too much time on them, we need them to live a good life.
children like to go shopping alot but they can't go to the mall or the stores because you don't want to go.
if we all had the power to take videos we disliked off the site, there would be none left for us to watch.
if you need to know something you can just type it in and, boom!
statistic say the to of kids learn more things on the computer than they learn in school that a huge percentage even for kids.
these numbers prove that computers have dictated obese children's day, making their physical condition even worse.
i was thrilled and excited, as it was the first time that i was going to the forest.
i we have to think spend time with a famely.
thats one thing kids and adults dont notice.
sitting on the computer for hours everyday is also looking exercise.
no one can tell you what you can and cant look at when you go to a libary.
without this basic necessity people cannot be happy.
people have started sending their mails through computers.
i moved from to hear and i have friends i don't get to see much.
they assist us in everyday life, life and make difficult tasks simple.
everything is on the internet and little kids are going to be very curious about it.
this is important to because i am not very well organized when it comes to school.
that's a lot of brain cells to lose when you are going to need them for your education.
studying and school work.
if they got up and went outdoors to do physical exercise, they would be fit and happy .
the gives all citizens the freedom of the press.
there was a survey taken to see which is used more often, books with a specific subject or computers for information or various subjects.
most importantly, there is less interacting with friends and family.
computers are also good for you.
we learned a lot of information.
for one to complain about a book's contents automatically give someone else the right to protect the book's contents.
on a nice or day, people should take this kids to a local park or pond.
lot of people have different of computers are more improve more faster and more high quality.
all you need is a computer.
first off the internet or e-mail will help family members connect.
people should be able to watch what movies they want.
either you're doing research on a project, , or just want to be informed, the internet can help you with any subject.
i love computers and everybody else should too.
the positive effect and negative effect that computers have on people.
the liberties and freedoms of citizens should not be taken away because of something that is thought to be inappropriate.
ive seen my little brother spend his whole saterday eating in front of the computer and playing games.
without computer my mom would have more in other countries.
many people have an addiction to technology, you could be using your time more wisely, and computers put your health at risk.
it's not about overusing them its about.
a group young brilliant teachhers headed by have implemented a program at the using computers.
today, people are sending pictures to and from each other via emails.
they have offesive language and not so well of pictures.
dr. , ""families do not need computers, yet they waste their college money on them.
the computer is also helpful for research papers.
so in my question i believe computers have a neagtiove on.
it is much easier, looking it up on the computer.
adults and children are spending huge amounts of their time on computers.
aslo, kids get tired very quickly from being on the computer.
thirdly computers are a way to communicate they can let you talk to people all around the, when you might and usaly be able do.
the computer prevents you from doing all of this fun activities outside.
people can past inappropriate information on their own for others to see that can be impossible to take.
without computers, kids an adults won't be provided with the necissary tools for knowledge.
for example if you wanted to just say hi then your friend would look at his/hers messages then just reply.
every time her friends asks her about email she makes up some excuse and tries to avoid the subject.
witch is why i apose it
though these divices seem entertaining and helpfull.
do you think that certain books should not be shared with certain poeple?
when it comes to books, music, movies or magazines i believe almost anything should be allowed except for material that depicts nudity or drugs and alcohol.
yes is right that not everybody goes on the computers to learn but that doesn't mean they don't learn.
computers have made life easier for many through communication, making a positive effect on them.
so my point is that you know and i know that their are music out there that is very offensive and some books that are.
it's the parents responsibility to protect or 'censor' a childs environment.
the books can tell you the story of peoples life, and the movies are based from the story and instead you can watch it.
it remains open all day.
all you have to do is type in a shourt phrase and instantly get thousands of sites, all packed with information.
click, click, click, ""!""
for these reasons, computers are good.
computers areaids in tracking hand-eye coordination.
both options are unacceptable.
computers can expand everyone's horizons and let them know about places and things that they never knew existed.
that is the top secret of the happy life of my home.
also, computers give you the ability to chat online with family and friends.
i dont see why they wouldn't, it's simple and almost in .""
the content children choose from library shelves should be at the discretion of the parent.
suddenly, i heard a noise in the street.
i believe they're a beneficial part of our life.
dear newspaper , people in our community use computers for positive ideas.
we need the internet and we couldn't acess it without computers.
lastly, everyone reads on the internet about warming but why do we not take action!
even if you dont know when your favorite to show is on tonight just type that in and the answer will be right in front of you.
the lyrics of many songs or singles that have just been released are astounding.
the diversity of the world makes it rather difficult to please every person all of the time.
they've improved and gotten popular within the last twenty years.
i know i would feel bad.
sometimes it can encourage us to buy things we don’t need at all.
many kids are adamant about it, but with the help of a computer, they will be more willing to get it done.
i can just click on a button and the internet will bring me to hundreds of sites where i can learn all about the places i want to visit.
dear , is your opinion on computers?
some people believe removing items at a library should be allowed, but i strongly disagree.
although kids should start goind outside more, computers teaches kids new things, and it is useful.
parents should protest and call meetings to make sure libraries are taking inapporiate things off the shelves for kids.
he is very helpful to all.
moving you fingers and pushing buttons is not exercise.
in conclusion i feel that cencorship in libraries is a thing to have.
they need to let others think for themselves and let them read what they want to.
bottom line the computer age is here and its amazing.
tests are taken on computers, websites to help us research are visited, and other program such as powerpoint can be used for a project.
as i was say in before, the computer gives people good eye-coordination.
i'm writing a letter to tell you about the effect of computer on people in a society.
some labtop's also have a mouse that looks like a little pad like mine dose.
which really its just the books and ect... that causes our mind to picture things that make us think we need them.
obesity is a huge problem in .
did you know that , , was found through you tube when his mom posted videos for the family to see when they couldn' attend proformances?
everybody around has a unique part about themselves, and that is having a different look on something than someone else might have.
kids don't organize their priorities we enough.
so online communication be very nessary same.
this probably happens after a hard day at school or work you can come home use the computer to play some music and relax.
people that think those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
even simulations don't cut it.
they sseem harmless but its really just a place for harassment.
this is a fabulous point on why computers are so important.
same goes for teenagers too actualy!
well i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
even so, they have taken a place in our neighborhoods that has made them indefinate sources of knowledge and culture.
if a parent or guardian does not want their child to hear such things, they shouldn't allow them to listen to it.
specialist say that over veiwers get to their destianation.
just that statistic alone speaks a thousand words alone.
do you think that books, music, movies, magazines and other media material in libraries should be censored?
dear , i strongly agree that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
for example, i was going on a band trip with all the other band students, and on the way there we put on a movie.
he goes jogging every morning and takes me along with him on weekends.
furthermore, a book contain images not suitable for children.
america needs to get outside!
the material could have or show some much needed information.
for example, a thirteen-year-old girl wants to check out magazine, because her best friend's older sister gets it.
well, if you answered yes, stop the computer madness and head on outside!
the first reason is that parents shoud be in charge of what their children read.
don't take the material out.
this poor man’s vehicle can carry two persons easily.
decreasing computer use for kids can potentialy bring down their grades.
computers provide us with a imediate method of communicating with others whether they are local or far away.
if you want to learn another language you can learn an entire language on your computer.
so when you have a ruff day tents to brings people happyness.
another reason why internet use should be cut down because bullies, hacker, and terrorists.
he is very polite.
some books could give them the wrong idea and encourage them to make unlawful decisions.
very soon he anger goes with the wind and sprang up to her usual kindness.
the way i look at it as i see is that to much is bad so i think spending some time on it is good do you agree?
instead of carrying a text book, you can just use a megabyte book on the internet.
without the internet, probably half of the world communications would be down and that would not be good.
all in all we cannot get extinguish the flames of our past or we never have a future
i can e-mail my friends, and even see what they look like and how much they have changed on .
so don't be part of the problem, please, stop overuse of technology.
sending and receiving letters can take days or weeks, on the other hand, instant messaging takes only a few seconds!
most who are very pole also never get to outside using the internet all the time.
there were road lights near the towns.
instead they should spend time outdoors, with family: or enjoying life!
all in all, i understand of removing some books, magazines, and movies but we can't.
this language is damaging how kids read and write.
i belive that computers benifit our society for many reasons.
this article might be offensive to those who read it, because they might think things should be more sensored rather than tolerated.
i said this because most computers hace a microcam and you can comminicate with others.
there are so many programs to use, that making a big presentation could take minutes.
every book removed from the shelves is another learning experience taken away.
people can cyber bully others with out any one ever knowing who the other person is.
many peope, mostly kids stay inside all day playing video games on computers.
overall, setting out and actually spending time with real people creates memories that you will cherish for the rest of your life.
if not their parents, then the media right?
this is true that you could use the phone and call them out you have to pay for long distance.
there are springs of water in few places in a desert.
if we remove thing materials we dont care for, others will remove the ones you like and so on.
the music poses a problem, though.
for all i know there could be a law out right now that is going to make my generation less powerfull then the last generation.
in some way yes, but in other ways no.
the computers and are doing more than just erasing brain cell and are health, they are taking away the expriences that we could have outside in nature.
three, lose interactions with family and friends.
now you can see that the internet can help people and its not just keeping people inside that is why i think we should keep improving technology.
many more jobs are being created because of this technology.
also with a computer you can do homework assignments for something that requires you to do research.
i think that computers are helpful with projects, homework, or letters.
would you be okay with kids not having the option typing their homework?
she in her forthright manner scolded both and silenced them.
another example is that overtime the strain build up and up to the where even with glasses you can hardly see.
using this technology can help you reconnect with friends and family members.
you can send information from one computers to the other.
now it's your turn to tell us what you think about the computers.
dear local newspaper, years computers didn't exist, but now many people are having internet in their homes.
but how will we be able to do that if we only email and ?
my last reason is that using a computer can help with hand-eye coordination.
computers are much more efficent and easier to use than books.
since there are books, music, movies, magazines and etc.
that is their lifestyle and their opinion.
so you see these things are a problem but nobody removed us.
no material should ever be removed from a public library based on censorship.
dear newspaper editor, i think we should have internet, or computers at our houses.
that's right online universities are beginning to form.
soon the drizzle turned into heavy rain.
exercise is a big part in staying healthy and fit.
, computers seriously social skills and personal relationships.
of course, there are other outlets to acquire books, but the library is one of the greatest outlets.
i can see our school and playground from the top.
what is also nice is that you dont need to go through huge books for one small piece of information.
i think that if certain materials are offensive that they should be taken off the shelf, depending on how they are offensive.
in some stores they have a magazine section where there are bad stuff that a kid is not allowed to see.
but sometimes computer are bad because when people go on web sites to chat peoples can be grown ups but talking to little kids.
i hope after reading this you will agree with my position.
this could make an adult emotionally unhealthy and they become violent or depressed.
but i still wanted to continue to be friends and communicate with him every once in a while.
not only is happening in the libraries its happening on televisions also.
the kids need to step up for a change!
but when they are not expected, they cause until misery.
isn't that amazing on that computers can do.
people are offensive because they were rasied or just born that way.
dear editor of the , you know of people in own computers!
after reading this, i am sure you will agree.
thank you for listening
because it quit, its amazing and its a large area.
there are so many great things they can be used for.
as you can see, the computer has an impressive list of entertaining for all ages, not to mention sites like or addicting games.
for the adults or teenagers who enjoy viewing these things, they could be in a section far away from the children.
as well as parents/adults, they use it to get their work done and use it as a easy communication with co-workers.
we can talk to friends and familys.
there has been many people who have been hired.
everyone will be sitting at home on there nice new fanny computers.
next book week i'll be supporting the authors that got crushed by their work getting .
computers can help everyone connect with anyone you can see computers have so many positive effects on people.
more and more people are neglecting to spend time with their loved ones to get to the next level on ' wars.'
dear newspaper readers, many hours a day do you spend on the computer?
many students are in the habit of reaching school late.
some people games and play.
we went to the office of the principal.
in conclusion compare use be encouraged.
sometimes, good friends who wants to together loss touch or if one friend, people can find online and take.
but, if there kids wanna learn about things that happen thats not the greatest, then people should let them.
remeber hes going to play it at his friends house.
it's was just before the sun was beginning to sit, when she noticed a little old southern bell.
also, what kids say in profiles.
even important business meeting are done throught the computer, where all the people can be at their house.
my final conclusion is that it depends on how mature you are and if you think your ready.
if you can not find what you are looking for, then libaries also have computers to look up things
also, it is easy for companies to attract business.
situations happen like this all of the time.
imagine my joy of rowing for almost ten minutes.
you could be helping your family or friends out but instead playing computer games.
man has not recognised the importance of trees.
although certain materials are not meant for children to see, adults find it enjoyable and interesting.
another reason why i the exports are right about people and computers is to learn about nature and learn how to do things.
you can learn about places youve always wanted to go to and it is probably the device that makes your life easiest.
oppinion about using the local internet would be that it's good only for those who knows and not trying to be mean.
before computers you would have to go to the library, find the book you need, and then search through it until you found the information you needed.
not haveing a computer can conclude to a lot more things like exercising.
everyone uses it for different things and different hobbies.
he joins us in games.
hand-eye coordination is very important.
it also allows you to keep in touch with high school friends and far away family.
giving people facts about faraway places.
also you wouldn't be able to make power points for projects.
they help us when we need something or have to do a report.
this has became posible with the computer.
there is concern about how much paper we lose every year.
you would be like a couch potato.
you can still believe what you want and read this book.
they let you communicate quicker.
lets say someone has what looks like a normal fever and you just say thats what they have.
when people say things like ' who play video games with violence will make them murders.'
lets them feel like there a part of somthing biger then they are.
with computers it makes going green more possible.
some people fear oline chat rooms online.
i would try to make them good citizens.
when they need to order supplies, most times they will go to a web site and order online.
another reason is the computer can help you study a place too.
at one job, there should be one hand.
everyone is welcome in the library, of course, but is everyone aloud to look at whatever they want?
we can not take them off the shelves because that would be taboo in many ways.
well from what i know cenorship is where you are blocked from certin things that you are not able to ever bring into the place that blocked it.
the kids of today, and tomorrow, know what is out there, and how to stop the minor .
you could be talking with your friend and seeing them right on your computer just with a click of the cursor.
just because you not believe in the magic or wizardry doesn't mean you have to ruin it for someone else.
computers are posotive if used correctly.
if there are books that are not appropreiate for kids, they should have their own section that reads, 'for '.
should society as a whole take away variety?
my father was alsatian but my mother was from an ordinary breed.
newspapers are important pillar in a democracy.
i know youtube is trying to stop inappropriate content, so hurray for them.
further more computers allow us to play games or watch funny videos or any else that is entertaining.
some people can't physically or mentally and can't afford to travel.
today the world works by , as grow!
adn all of it is used to help using ract with one on toher.
speeding the development of climate change.
censorship in libraries is an inportant thing in schools and in the public.
how you know if the person on the computer is not looking for diet foods or fat free things?
they help increase communication, a great source for knoledge, and bhelp prepare you for jobs.
computers have helped make that easier.
you should have at least minutes of exercise each . ""
they breathe in carbon dioxide and breathe out oxygen that sustains our life.
experts say that out of every kids have thing to use to talk on line, but the also say that in of thoes kids are bullyed on line.
they also have teeth.
yet that is just me.
computers are the easiest way to look up information, something important when children are learning.
they should be conscious about the essence of democracy.
writing many different essays, letters, typing for projects, and doing research would be done faster and easier.
also they can spend more time doing things with their kids.
if you play games on the computer you can get a better hand-eye coordination.
is this the way you wish our world to be?
the statistic of is obese is not exagrated at all.
but you cant stop everything.
there are certain ways to research information effectively.
other use them to talk to family and friends that are far away.
people bought a lot computers everytime they come out with a new style.
it is their job to show them the right path.
some enjoy a romantic novel that makes your heart skip beats while my prefer the thrill of a horror story.
observing bad behaviors from the parents due to offensive books does not teach the child how to act in a responsible way if they were put in this postion.
these benefits have positive effects on people throughout the world and are why i support the advances in technology.
it is a mistake because it is taking away from many people who are wanting to become knowledgable about different topics.
computers have a positive effect in so many ways for example: school, work, talk to other, and just get information.
it is a key item when someone is looking to travel.
i will elaborate in the following three paragraphs.
also it helps us aquire great hand-eye coordination.
people get assignments to do and each class only takes about one or two months.
unless that is you want to learn about having a zombi apocalypse and zombies take over the .
some of the books could offend people when they don't know it.
also, if you find out something new tell people, you can spread the knowledge.
computers were invented to benefit mankind, not hurting and they are doing a great job.
there are games called p.c.
dear newspaper, you know, the majority of people now posses computers.
so, do we remove these things or let them stay?
having a computer would be very bad for your physical lifestyle.
first, people will be concentrated on the computer and not their family.
that is why these types of things should be taken off the shelves immediately!
he can’t
they could do those things rather than wasting their time on their computers.
you can also look and study different kinds of plants and animals, and you can find fasmating experiments to do.
sometimes books can cause things to happen in families.
so when i get out of school and i had a very long day.
for instance, you spend less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
although there could be a way to compromise.
plus email is great for work.
just because you have the option of checking out something you do not think is appropriate or is offensive, does not mean you have to check it out.
thats simple kids should be able to only watch kid movies.
one reason we use computers is for pleasure.
there are libraries all around us and are very convienent.
we can also use computers.
they said that they can interact with family members who live far away.
also, content that is inappropriate for children be fine for adults to read.
with all this technology, child predators can go onto facebook or another website and find out everything about you.
this is why i agree with computers.
computers are dangerous because people can get kidnapped or herrassed.
regardless of who is reading it.
it gives them great pleasure to see them happy and satisfied.
the computer is a wonderful thing!
well a lot things are but this happens to online chatters.
i understand this, but i don't think they should be banned just because someone else doesn't agree with it.
he is strong, tall and a healthy man.
before you go somewhere and you want know a little more go on the computers.
computers are positive because of the new technology!
also of spending about on an x-box and a game, you only have to spend about on a game that goes into your computer.
also, adults use these materials in a way that could cause many problems with the library.
children at a certain age group should read books thats on their level and apporiate for them.
go experience nature.
you need to be jumping around, dancing, walking with your friends, something!
it was very helpful.
guess what it can do better then censorship.
you were a little kid and you wanted to look up information on racing, you might have passes by many books about racism.
they are easy to learn how to use and are in a variety of forms.
obesity is a problem in .
i believe this because they make you smarter, they help with entertainment needs, they also give you the option to socialize with websites, and online chatting.
i talk to my friends everyday on the .
well, now you can, in the comfort of your own home.
goole is a map of every place on that we can see.
then all of these different windows are popping up and you are far from where you were.
this is one way computers benefit all of society.
have lives so they can't stay after, also at school the computers don't let you go on most websites unlike at home which does.
it gives you the opportunity to see family members you rarely see.
harmful things need to be removed from everything.
i never got those books, but maybe someday they will look back on those requests and think of way they should have gotten them.
here are some of the examples that i can think of just off of the top of my head.
i understand my oposition is not only against computers but wants to limit there use.
this ruining many people because this starts rumors and gossip about people.
computers teach hand-eye coordination and they let you communicate with other people.
years ago people would have killed for this power, for the common man to be able to access all he ever needed to.
plus children will learn about this offensive material sometime in their life anyway.
we shouldn't take the books down off the shelves.
stuff like that should not even be published in a public area.
with over thirty-million educational and informational websites, its easy to locate what you need quickly and easily.
lastly, you can get addicted to the computer.
haven't you always wanted to travel around the world, see different types of cultures, lifesyles, etc?
many people have the choice of wheather or not to go to a place that has offensive materials.
i support advantages in technology and believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
for example, let's say that you are on a gaming sights playing a game and suddenly an advertisement appears.
a library doesn't want to target just kids or teen through aduts.
being acive gad and important for people.
every book should be in the library
my other reason was nature.
or "" was your day?""
when people think of materials, they most likly think of something that symbolizes an event, time period, or a symbol itself.
so you see computers are not that bad.
she is not fair and as well as no dark.
because people spend way too much time on and not enough time exercising!
another health risk is obesity.
you find top websites that maybe inapropriate for users who use the computers.
an article said, too much computer using.
if you want to look at pictures, take quizes, play games, or talk, thats .
with this high-@caps7 object comes knowledge of many different places and what is happening around the world.
mostly everything you do in life have to deal with some type of computer.
comedy helps daily life.
today, most people don't .
at night he goes on the round the area.
you can sign up for jobs right on your computer.
without computers, you wouldn't be able to get your research or even type or print your newspaper.
firstly, they help people find information.
even with some assistance if you don't know about traditions or beliefs.
they look after their young ones just like our mothers do.
some are small and some can be very big.
you can learn all sorts of information you don't have to go to a library and you can play games when you get bored.
we're using our knowledge of how to communicate with others.
i also think that all books have a purpose to them.
so if you like having fun while lurning some thing the computer is for you.
some people say that the library is always the best place to find information but i disagree.
that sounds like a good thing to me!
make an alternative section for all the offensive material in the library instead of taking it out completely.
dear society, 't you all have some kind of computer at home?
secondly computers are another way to go to collage.
spending so much time on the computer can cause a kid to be shy in the outside life.
my last reason for why i don't think 'offensive' books shouldn't be removed from shelves is because all books make us more intellegent.
the rainforest in is being cutdown as we speak.
if we do that, then all the books would be off the shelf.
now i am going to tell you how everyone has computers.
this can help for future researching, and school purposes.
he should get up early in the morning, he should go for a morning walk every day.
throught the libaries of the world, there are two general sections, adult, kid, and entertaminet sectioons.
you can talk on the computer, not just at school.
so while everyone is fit you eventually will be fat.
instead of going to the same place every vacation, you can go to a place you saw online that looks just as exciting.
dear to whom it concern, name is , and i feel computers are bad for society.
lastly, all books make people more intelligent.
final grade i did not type it, on a computer.
days when knowledge was only found in books, and ofen found slowly.
the computers is almost a neccesity in every home.
well there you have it computers are good & bad we just have to be .
but computer time!
i book should not be taking off the shelf is someone finds that offensive.
is this good for our country?
that the effects computers have on people and why people dont agrees and spend time online.
these are the days of feasting and merry-making.
like kids in school use an online text books.
secondly computers have away of people, like if you have an emergency you can go to the computer and save it.
the parents point of view makes things a lot worse.
the movement people will normally do is get up and go to the bathroom.
the computers helps with the piano because they both involve you looking at a screen, or music.
this opinion that censorship in books could be absolutely debatable.
i also use the computer often.
blogging is also a way of communication on a computer and gives you freedom to express your feeling on education on a certain topic.
exept like sex ed tapes and history movies, no free days in class, its got to be .
i will try to solve all the difficulties of my students.
there is the fact that you can talk to theme .
it blows my mind to see and think, "" we can do this now, i wonder what we can accomplish in the future.
even a simple thing like tying can build up this skill.
removing certain materials from the shelves of libraries is not the way to go.
also you will obese you don't want that!
also, the information on the internet can help with students' schoolworks.
in conclusion, the computer has enormouse benifits on society.
we need to code books for different ages.
what do you think would you enjoy always being on the computer?
an average american goes on a computer for about hours a day.
the train arrived.
when you video chat you can have a conversation with some on class on video!
i have a computer at home and i know how much fun it is talking to your friends on or whatever you talk to your friends are.
technology goes up seizure rates have also gone up.""
to strip the rights of a person is not acceptable.
she is very cute.
when they are out with their family they think of their computer.
some of the people that are on the computers are wasting too much time being tech-saavy.
computers have become a part our everyday life.
furthermore, computers are not realiable and cause people to get angry.
i, a days grandparents try to have a decents conversation with their kids or grandchildren but they go right vack to when they were little.
the last but deffidently not least effect that computers have on peoples lives is it distracts them from school.
books with the wrong kind of words in it should be kept safe or there should be a age to where you can get it.
if you were to deside that either way would be better so then less complaining people would be wanting all books destroyed.
most magazine are known for entertainment and update on well known people around the globe.
i understand that some people not agree with me, however i propose that my side is the best.
not only do they teach hand-eye coordination, but they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and provide a means to easy, online communication.
if you just sit there moving your hand you are not really burning calories.
at that point there would be no turning back.
thank you for your concern
the importance of computers have been commucation like email or aim.
in conclusion computers just in the and will cause chaos and destruction.
imagine standing outside, the warm sun dancing on your back, jumping into the pool and feeling the cool water flow around you.
some computers are really slow but not all of the new ones for , computers can also help you read better it has little .
another thing they can do out of a hundred others is let you communicate with other people no matter how far away.
we could find ways to treat cancers and maybe even the common cold.
you would not believe the technology they have and how they use them.
overall, computers are letting people broaden their horizons are lock of new things.
i think computers have great effects on people, like going online to do a research or talk to friends.
it helps us to know the results of our actions.
i can see how this would be very beneficial to traveling business men who might need a room for the night.
for example, a student need help on homework they can go on google and look on the they doing and it will help.
another way computers help us learn is because we can download and install software that help us with things like learning a forgian language or even just practicing math.
now, me and my friend can stay in touch and can you!
clearly, computers made it easier for people to comunicate with each other.
they spend their pocket money and relish sweet dishes.
most likely you're going to end up getting one that looks intersting to you and something that you feel fits your taste.
first of all, computers are pretty much how people keep in touch.
and without the computers everything would have to be hand-writen.
logging on and seeing your friends profile's newest updates on pictures, videos and life, you get every little detail using facebook.
one example is conversation, many people have close relatives that but over seas, cross country, or even across town.
lastly they can be extremely dangerous to children.
i believe that these materials should not be found in libraries.
you can hear all the other cretures surounding you.
also there are sites to teach little kids how to read or write.
the brightness damages your eyes and can lead to severe loss of vision.
so many media sources today are censored that it is essential to keep a place where people can freely obtain material and express opinions.
some people are even so addicted to the internets and girths new born family member.
playing on computers is one of the worst things that they can do with their time.""
this is my last reason.
that's why you have to be away from the screen but, being too long on your computer is bad.
this reminds me of my friend named .
books teach us about good things and bad things.
first off, computers can cause major obesity like it has done already.
if you think about it, there is a law called freedom of speech.
lastly, i feel like removing certain things from libraries would be very unfair to children who have the privelage to view them.
they can surf the web in milli-seconds.
and i think if some thing are offensive to some one thay should just walk off, or just dont mind i
also watch videos on youtube.
so now you need to write a letter to your local newspaper telling them which you are choosing.
computers can help with that.
people they're bad.
bradbury portrays the burning of books as the way of ending all controversial opinions.
you spend so much time on the computer that you recieve little or no exercise!
studies show that computers are use in the winter two time as much then.
talking a walk around the nieghborhood of just going for a hike with people you know.
we all need to enjoy nature more.
then wwwe would be on the phone for hours!
this nation needs as many books as it can get because they are all extremely helpful to those that they appeal to.
as soon as he stopped playing it and going outside more he immediatly started to lose fat.
so to answer the question 'do i believe that certain materials should be removed from the selves at the library if found offensive?'
in our modern day people spend to time on computers.
another reason why people can be addicted to the computer is because all the online chat rooms they have.
in a great deal of different types of literature censorship is touched on by the authors.
it's easy to use the internet for homework but that doesn't really help you.
computers have the ability to destroy parent-child relationships, don't let that happen to you.
i understand thier logic behind this matter, but just because it has offensive matter does not mean they should remove it from society.
i am not promoting violent books and movies or other offensive material, all im saying if you find something offensive then turn the other cheek.
it's disrespectful to take time away from your friends to play on computers.
plus it can improve the way people feel about them books.
i remember when i was a little girl i went to the library.
in third grade, i took a book off the shelf of my local library that had an interesting cover.
he is on there for at least five hours a night and that leaves time for dinner and not much of anything else including sleep.
if you had used computers, you would've gotten a response back within days.
in conclusions computers have made a great impact on 's society.
it is much better to interact with people in person, face to face.
finally, i want to talk to you about good old faishon fun.
myspace, , and are all websites that people can contact others.
if some people don't want to see it in their local libraries then they don't need to pick up the book, magazine or watch the movie.
my father tells me all the time till this very day that music back in the day was appropriate for all ages.
in conclusion i think computers are helpful because you can learn, play and talk to people.
you can go online and talk to your friends without wasteding your phone minutes.
my second reason is that it allows people in far away places to connect.
it take over your life.
these are just a few reasons why i think the effects of computers is good, and i hope the local newspaper agrees too.
about of people use their brain more often than computers and they have been successful through life.
everyone should have some relationship.
finally, it provides an accurate research tool for school projects, or interviews.
sure they use it a lot but still it's for enter to inment.
studies show that if you go to the supermarket or a store you are likely to be less fat then if you shop on line.
i think that the great outdoors is the way to go because needs some exercise rather than spending time in the computer.
without computers the coustemers couldnt learn about the diffren policeys that there are and they misth be spending more money then needed on insearence.
the books are ranked, critiqued, summarized (back cover summary), and even sorted in a library.
well thats fun and all for a few hours but some people spend a lot of time on there.
now say you came back and attack the problem again.
the books, music, magazines found in librarys should be left their for a reason.
chairs were arranged for the parents and other guests.
i'm talking to you!""
out computer users have used calculator to help them solve a problem.
do you want to be thought of as and ?
the house was decorated with streamers and balloons.
i'm merely saying that trying to hide them from what we deem to be unclean is neither right nor a good idea in general.
i understand that books and other material offend certain people, but it might not offend others.
communication is another huge part of our daily lives.
that could offend them so would you take it off the shelf or not.
also, obscene graphic material in movies and in magazines.
the content of what goes into a book is up to the author.
most books even if they say one to two choice words it turns into an adult book.
it seems as if the world is becoming filled with a bunch of people who care way to much about what other people are doing.
travelling has great educative value.
people slowly remove themselves from reality and enter an alternate world of cyberspace.
this causes the internet addicted person to lose relationships with their family and friends.
i believe that if it is unsuitable for others does not make it unsuitable for some.
you can chat with people from across the world.
computers organize data by keeping documents in different files computers also have valuable programs that could help you in your career.
without a post office, life would become dull.
we have learned alot from the new inventions that came about in the past decade, or two.
i quickly grabbed the phone and called my class mate but he didn't answer.
like if your a very religous person, then yes i understand that you couldn't look at those things.
why i stated that is its unhealthy for many people.
he almost pounced on that man and wanted him to throw his cigarette.
all of your hard work will be turned into ash, but if it was on the computer you be able to retrieve it.
for some reason out of people like to go to far away places for example , put or , .
people get addicted then they become lazy and eventually obese.
the one with the computer logs any searches for the reason, and in seconds has enough information to write numerous reports.
computers could be people far away friends but how about instead call that friend on.
last my friend on a business trip the was for weeks she missed him a lot mom let she was able to would have a telephone call.
seems like all that would remain would be the dictonary.
most reading teacher will have you read a book and then type a essay or a review about your book.
i cursed my fate!
on the other hand, a poor but healthy man enjoys life better.
look back into our history, we are a country full of rebels.
some of these books could be helpful to the people who choose to read it.
new programs such as word have a special function called voice commands.
information processing, is about computer.
finally people can apply for jobs or even community service online.
i checked the local news casting website for the weather forecast and thank god i did!
you can find more news and weather faster then you can on teh television.
it helps students with projects, helps people learn about other places, it helps you find information on something you didn't know.
and my final reason was that you can book things online without going anywhere, wasting gas.
to be able to do so much with just a couple clicks; new that i find extravagant.
dear newspaper i think that there are many reason why computers are good for people.
we are blessed to live in , where we have freedom of speech.
technology provides great advancements in our world.
some of the movies that a kid can get at a library has the actors doing illegal things in it.
most importantly, computers are the virtual gateway to all sorts of entertainment.
in my opinion having computer is good to have.
you then go back to your house and eat the food while on your computer.
this sort of use could read to people getting less exercise, not fully experiencing the world, and closs of interaction with friends and family.
don't you think this is a good idea ?
all of the time being spent on the computer is replacing the time for that stuff, and its not a good thing.
preparations were made many days in advance.
not everyone that goes to the library wants to just sit and not talk to anyone.
africa was ruled by the white people.
well i know this from ex perience.
a movie being so outrageously graphic or violent is a fine example (although the same thing can happen in books, just with words instead of pictures).
i'm not saying you should never get on the computer, but be sure you won't get too addicted to because can happen very easily.
books and magazines be offensive, but they also entice the reader.
its a great way for us to communicate with our busy schedules when we can't always get together.
the only exercise students get now a days is their .e.
if someone is making a project at a school.
my views on censorhip contain to keep the offensive materials because its what people like best.
the movie helped us to get a real life picture of how things were back then.
after spending an hour walking there, he learns that all the books on thet person are checkedout.
need to cheer up and go outside and play sports.
this could help make work for school or jobs less stressful.
obesity leads to many such as dogged arteries or strokes.
you can also go on or sype to chat or video chat with them.
you can play a fun game for fifteen minutes and then go get air.
some people find things more offensive than others.
they are the best technology because you can do anything on the computer.
i agree with the computers helping people.
it can make someone a better person.
these things can still benefit our society though.
secondly typing on the computer gives people good hand and eye cordnation.
in libraries, there is usually an adult section and kids section.
you could use google to search of selling homes in a certain location.
weight lifting is another way to get in shape.
computers do benefit the society, in my own opinion we do need computers.
the library is for people to go and read, whether 's just for the heck of or for school.
but, if you take off stuff that can be offensive to others then that means you would have to take off the items.
this is just another great use of computers.
make sure your green stays in your wallet.
however, these books, who many find offensive, could also be beneficial to its readers.
hopefully after reading this you will think the same i do about computers.
later on, he was sent to a bed in the ward.
also, i can keep in touch with my friends anytime i want.
when we call there it costs a lot because they're so far away.
this makes comunication hard, and like i said before its very addicting. ""
you know when you find a book on the shelf and discover that the content in the book are not word that are oppropity for children to read.
it might even help sae lives.
plus who would not want a good computer game once and a while.
as the i wrote above, i showed not even a fraction of what computers are good for.
truly this is a good thing to let people use.
computers have a negative effect on people and i say we should find a way to cut down computer time.
isnt being outside on a beautiful day great?
we should be able to communicate to our friends and family out of people in our school think having a computer is good.
these advancements in technology can only enrich peoples lives.
anything you could think of is most likely found in a computer.
people can't go around preventing other people from reading a book that they enjoyed.
in addition, you also block the programs that you don't want.
she now loves nature.
but, that's why a parent is there.
it was my eighth birthday.
we dont want our chilren to look at magazines and see women that are really tiny and they think that they have to look like that to be popular.
he was given to his parents by the scouts.
my point a computer has a dictionary thesauris, encyclipedea...ect all in !
there is so much terrible language and talking about violence and bad things that really just isnt appropriate for anyone to hear, or even talk about.
this can help people understand computers.
computers have caused people to forget ow to use manners and communicate in the real world.
my first reason why i think the effects of computers are good because you can get a lot of knowledge from it.
library censorship everyone has their favorite book.
movies and cds are more understandable do to the actual graphic violence and language that some musicans and actors use.
after a wile you will forget about it.
please exercising is key to everybody's health and there are numerous ways to exercise, but using the computer is not one of them!
did you knew a person should be be outside for at least minutes to get there vitamin .
that is why i think that computers just cause more truble for peolple.
it could many problems inthe future like health.
by taking off one of these books, someone could be taking off another persons favorite book.
if those movies do not exist any more, then what would your kids have to be able to watch, the and @caps15?
in my opinion i don't think that things should be removed from a library.
you can email fast.
if knew that they might cause their parents to diverse they might stop playing on the computer so much.
also, you can back hotels and look at live pictures with more than just .
dear local newspaper, i believe that people should stay with computers.
it is as simple as that.
i think that the computer can help many kids obtain good grades.
if you spend more time on the computer then you will increase your chances by to get a personal assuts, or even give you personal information up.
i think it would bring us back a couple of ages.
video chatting lets you see someone and talk to them practically face to face from thousands of miles away.
in today, we are already loaded with obese poeple.
on thanksgiving my mother was upset because she missed them i was then able to set them up in a video chatroom so my mom could talk to them.
one time my friend was sitting in the computer and she started to watch inappropriate videos when her father found out about this, he canceled their internet.
hand-eye coordination can also be useful to people with jobs.
an advantage of using it in school, means so much to the people and there education, computers have changed the human race forever.
otherwise each one will do so differently and cause a mishap.
and that is why we have fights over a book.
and people sit on the computer all day and don't exercise at all.
all in all, we can't decrease the use of computers because it can do damage to peoples lives.
it is pretty clear to me things need to change.
if they enjoy one thing, another person might not.
if every thing went by one mans rule of what to and not to read we would down grade as a country and .
young minds get corrupted by reading trash.
most college students do their homework on the computer.
we should not have the right to take anything off of a shelf.
dear , all the talk about computers these days i would have to agree with the people who think its taking up alot more of our time.
finally, they lead to a very unhealthy lifestyle.
the world would have never ending chaos if people had too much power to change things.
no individual can say that material is not suited for the public, because they are not the public.
just set good examples to children or any person not to get a book, movie, or music that is not there age group.
now they bearly go on the computer they always are outside and playing and running around.
computers always warn us about them.
maybe people don't have a problem with it but its becaseu they grew up around it.
the offensive content should not be removed from libraries because it is usually in a mature section and it has a right to be there.
hand ey coordination also applies for if you want to be a surgeon/doctor.
on the news, there has been reports about children being influenced to have a gun and hang themselves, etc.
you might think after reading this letter.
if you're also in the mood to write a story, you can open a word document or if you just want to type whats on your mind.
experts have stated that soon books will be obsolite and computer will rain as knowledge scources.
lastly, just by going for a short walk with your dog, your not only walking and getting well needed exercise, your bonding with your loyal friend.
everyone loves their father and mother.don’t you?
his facebook and other websites that are not good for them.
the second problem is stealing music getting it for free.
the be offensive to someone of religion, and because of that the would not be able to be sold.
without a dobt, no more, ""i'm bored"".
on today's society many new technologys have been released.
books are essential part of life.
so, as a result, computers are very helpful with homework and studying.
in school we aren't allowed to read about certain topics in the library, because the school system feels that it is bad for us to know about.
can you even imagine how difficult life would be without computers?
what is so daunting about ?
the answer to that question is easy.
if you haven't noticed, all that is out there anymore is bullying, cursing songs and horrifying movies.
when a book is so vulgar people begin to protest the book, there are questions as to whether the book should remain on library shelves.
prevents that so you can always talk to them.
it is located at the other end of the library.
if i were to walk in a library and see those kind of things in a magazine i would suggest you to take it off the shelves.
when i use a computer, i am not addicted.
computers can predict natural disasters, and with that, people in the area of the catastrophe's destination can be evacuated.
censorship is not always a good thing for children or anyone for that matter
it would help us meet new people because we can e-mail them, and chat with them on programs.
i talk to family members.
that is one way our sex offenders get a way around.
my cunclision is i hope you take want i said to heart and chosse want the newspaper have as a dision.
then no one should.
but since children go in there and can have access to anything in there, they can end up finding something that can be offensive.
however, computers also provide surfaces for those with medical needs.
they help out on findin places on a maps.
i think people need to realize that computers are over the humans.
first of all, they are a great way for kids to have fun: , people can learn very interesting facts.
dealing with obesity is bad enough, but seeing them suffer because they have developed a weak immune system is horrable.
maybe one day, i will like to go visit him now in becasue he moved again, but i will have to do some research on first.
the child brought some fruit for me.
the people that they will donate some money to the poor.
a computer can basicly do every thing from looking up the games scores to saving a life.
communication is very important in everyday life.
first, instead of talking to people on the computer, go in person.
i really needed that sales report!""
be you have been trying to lose some extra pounds.
computers have been very helpful ever since they were invented.
you can see what the person is doing and chat with them using facebook chat.
the child’s relationship with the teacher determines the grade and academics of the student.
because you would spend so much time on the computers.
just yesterday i found out that the human body can not survive without its liver.
lastly, school was computers .
that basically means every kind of book out there.
another thing you can do is learn about recent events.
kids that text, , or facebook chat more then talk in person with friends are loosing talking skills of actually having a conversation.
the first thing i am going to talk to you about is how it is bad.
i know for a fact us teens watch funny movies to make our rough day turn into a better day , well that is what i do at least.
i think that it benefits us all.
there are many poeple out there that get deffensive over things, for example certain people, animals, countries, different skin colors, cursing and even sports.
plus, think of all the information you can learn.
these little things come in handy when you need to save something quickly bu want to keep it organized.
you could make snowmen in the winter or if it's raining you could watch a movie.
how people do you know that met someone or has a friend on the computer?
third i believe its a good way to just relax.
it has worked for so many years, so we should not have to change it now.
another reason why computers have a positive affect on people is because throught the internet you can visually experience places or things you couldn't before.
you can look images or videos that you haven't seen in years.
then their on the internet out doing their job.
of course you , that's where you get all the information you need.
my last and final reason of why computers have a negative effect on children is because it harms your social skills of being on outgoing, talkative individual!
computers are the future and its a good one.
you can use it to find info.
today millions of poeple read more ad more because of all the books out there.
dear newspaper you think that children spend to much time on the computer.
have you ever found books, movies, music, and magazines that are about drugs, sexuality, and violence?
i 't think hair spray is the cause of the layer being destroyed... computers are bad, and dont have a good enough reason to be used.
i feel the computers is contributing to the problem.
computers discourage exercise cut down the number hours spent bonding with your family and are a waste money and space.
computers have a vast impact on people, but they shouldn't have to.
my final reason in this letter of why i don' like over using computers is that it limits the time that can be spent with family and friends.
dear , i have recently learned that the paper has decided to write about computers and how benefit society in .
friends and family are special gifts.
they learn about diffrent sicknesses and broken bones by useing computers.
in my oppionion censorship takes away from certain values or qualitys the book could of had with the original context still in it.
laptops have made it easier to block people out.
not one person shares the same hunger of reading material.
though people think opposite of me, i know that computers benifit society.
as you can see technology is harming your communication skills, exersice & you health.
these tipe of computers helps us through life.
if aomeone find a read to be offensive, then they should stop reading and that be it.
they will be focused on the computer way to much and not have fun with there family and friends.
to begin with computers give a positive efect on people because it gives you hand and eye cordination.
though television is a very useful thing, if we see it continuously it can affect our eye-sight.
it interferes with social time, health, and physical activities.
they are used to talk, for lesieure and many other things.
before the internet and computers, it would take weeks to find enough information for a paper or business work.
studies prove that of people who spend most of their day surfing the web have either over-weight or just on the boarderline of being over-wright.
the government will take notice and ban these books or worse remove all books forever just like what happened in .
they're wrong!
kids are living through computers and we can change them.
wich brings me to my next subject; .
we could decrease the obesity rate and be healthier and happier by exersicing and getting out more.
so what my mother has taught me to do is to use false info.
family is a very important factor in computers because if you havent seen the person you can tell how they are progressing in life.
the first reason why i think this is because people in the world are becoming less healthy kids and adults should stay more.
in my own exprience, i have not found there to be a problem in my community library with people wanting content removed.
hobby is constructive.
computers have just moderthy mothers day so much easier.
is the censorship in libraries really necessary?
in conclusion this are my ideas for the news papaer.
your family can sey time limits on the computer if they think your.
if those experts took our computers, about what would happen.
i believe that i have come up with a very simple comprimise, that would benefit me, as well as keep the murchandise avaiable.
the internet is a great way to keep in touch with your friends and family.
is the computer getting in your way?
dear , recently has been brought to my attention that computers have been affecting peoples daily lives.
they have computers in almost every building like hospitials, fire stations, police stations, and electronic stores like radioshack.
computers have helped greatly in speeding up the teaching process.
first, things posted on the internet are not always true.
we learn about places we don't live in like that?
saves money and time!
they help us achieve great things in , wether it be homework or classwork.
in fact, it is known that computers can immensely improve your reflexes.
with dating sites you can find the perfect person and maybe go to the with them.
of the population of said that they would much rather talk to friends or relatives in person than on a computer screen.
if you're a great fan of road trips you'll find a deal or 's for the lowest only find out by computer.
that absence of homework could make an enourmous decline on a students average.
you can use a computer to look up what ever you want to look for example: the teacher ask to look up a giraffe.
what has the world come to when a child of age eight walk into a public library and check-out a book on cocaine?
also online games are for and enjoying also.
would you like to be in contact with that person again?
i have learned from experience that being the person that has something different about them is not a bad thing and is actually a good thing in some cases.
everyone is different, no one is the same.
if the reader is having problems and needs help, it is possible the book he/she is reading help them in the thinking process on what they should do.
before someone decides to but something, they can find out all sorts of information about the product and shop around for the lowest price.
lastly, people tend rely on computers too much.
also the chat can translate the language, thus it makes it much easier than talking on the phone.
of are already obese, so why keep these horrid games out there?
the firemen fought the flames bravely.
computers are only wrong if you choose to use them wrong, like the expression ""guns don't kill people, people do.""
everybody needs friends that are there for them, and computers are the perfect conclusion for that!
i believe all libraries should have to have censorship in their library
if you need to know state capitals, you can find it in no time.
it also has search engines that help you locate the information like or .
but i think if it's going to offend someone in praticular it's probably going to bother someone else.
i think they should remeove it if the publick thinks its offensive.
lastly, will stop you from spending time with friends and family.
cell phones, ipods, and many more.
my year old niece can read quite well and is very impressionable as are many young children.
like this for example, people taking offense to materials in the library and wonting them to be removed.
the answer is simple, skype, fiacebook, myspace and more are all available on your handy .
most kids spend so much time on the computer and they to do their homework.
its now or never to decide if computers benefit society or not!
other things could teach you remarkable hand eye coordination and other great sources to about other place then the computer.
i think that the computer does a great helping the sociatey.
in my opinion, minds need to think, they need excerise by puzzling over something or figuring out a problem.
there were scenes involving women that i did not understand, and many new words.
it was just because the time era and it was also because he was black.
a computer helps me stay in touch with people i haven't seen in awhile.
what happens when a college student needs a book that is mandatory for his class and the book is banned because of 'innapropriate usage'?
interacting with people is very nice and touching.
people can not keep bad things away from kids it doesnt work that.
chats rooms are cool to.
they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people.
computers allow people to learn about far away places and people.
kids think they are getting exrcersize by playing but in reality they are doing nothing at all.
kids will spend time texting on their cellphones when they're not in the mood for calling.
for example, the other day, my mom was checking her email and came access the stay of a young, starving.
she asked the other students to be kind to me.
what children see they imitate, even in the first couple years of their lives.
the first reason i need to clearly point out is that the computer holds tons of information that can't be found anywhere else.
how are we going to encourage people to use computers when their at the risk of getting their stolen.
you can watch movies on your computer, and download fun games.
books are better resources, you can find fun in many other ways, and they can be dangerous/harmful to health.
the best learn about it and help.
when people need history, it's always all around them on the internet.
like one reason is when people are on the computer all day long they do not get enough exercise.
dear newspaper, i firmly believe that computers do have a positive benefits on society.
do you use it every day?
secondly it gives you new ideas on things.
you can learn about any subject on a computer, at anytime.
so think about it next time you walk into a library and you see something that you not think is right.
what if your teacher tells you that a report is due tomorrow?
this has let people, who haven't seen each other for a long time, reconnect and become good friends again.
on the computers are very helpfull.
opinons will vary with what i have had to say.
statistics show that the average obese child spends their free time on a computer.
in the hands of man.
many people dont have this opportunity because they are on the computer.
but that doesn't mean he has the right to remove it from the shelves and prevent all others from reading it.
computers dont give you the chance to show emotion, this means people need to go out, hans out, and mabye even call each other to talk.
if oyu were to talk in the park or even visit a field, you would most likely someone enjoying the outdoorss.
most libraries have magazines, because its for your entertainment, and they want to keep you happy so you will keep coming back.
personally i have been able to talk and see my family who live overseas through the advanced technology on computers.
i have to face this problem every day.
the internet is like a big book.
she can look all this up on the computer and bookmail the websites for next time.
we show respect and we read what they want us to read about and we listen to what they have to say about the topic.
your friends are dust as important as your friends they both make you laugh.
music can tell you the life of people by poetry.
computers are fun and educational.
but just like everything computers have their downside.
some people import mangoes.
however, computers have made it difficult for students to concentrat on their homework.
technology keeps on upgrading.
have you ever read a book you thought was offense?
the third detail was that people gets very fragile and weak.
i read about the delicious food and rich culture.
it's hard, unforgiving, and it kicks you in the teeth.
banning books in libraries needs to change.
i remember going on and seeing something pop up about my favorite band breaking up.
there are three reason, on to here more.
he cant interact with his family and this has a huge infact on it.
also, computers are making it very hard for families to have meals together.
these are some of the reasons that i and others love computers.
as for myself, i personally as a child was not allowed to view certain types of movies, books, or magazines.
you can also go on instant messageing site to talk to friends and see what there up to.
they can communicate via e-mail, , video and maybe even in other web sites.
alot of people spend there time on the computer during because its cold and sometimes snowing.
i hope you can read and understand all the important facts explaining my reasons and consider them.
no, i do not think that books, music, magizines and etc.
libraries are fun to go to.
there would be contraversy over virtually everything because everybody has different standards of what's acceptable what's not, and these standards would clash with each other.
you have the ability to learn about people and places easily and you can communicate with your family and friends!
so now i leave it in the hands of you whether or not to take the challenge.
people who use computers often spend less time exercising.
new technology can track kids.
it really does work on your hand and eye coordination.
family activities is a nice, fun and enjoyable way to spend your time.
whether people think its offensive or not people still enjoy those books.
have you ever thought though, ' its use humans that makes the libraries carry these varities?'
but i'm not talking about the people that workon computers.
yes its true computers helps you learn things you not have known before, but so do books, newspapers and magazines.
that you knew why i support the computer should be no doubt that you will support it.
i other than paly on the computer.
they never understood what they wrote they put it in full sentences.
a railway station is a very busy place.
using my own observations, reading, and my own experience i will prove to you that we need those books on our shelves.
they say they are keeping children inside doing nothing, but really they are helping us so much!
also, i am going to explain how i felt and what i wanted to do when i seen those things in a library that was offensive to me.
you probably do!
the guy in the video was made fun of for years, sued the people who put the tape online, and was forced into depression.
in conclusion, libraries should have respect not only for people, but for the materials they have.
all songs are different so you can use them however you want.
when kids sit on the computer they don't interact with there family or friends.
don't take away other people rights to read and watch what they want.
for example my brother plays on the computer everyday, so barely goes outside.
i think ages are for the @caps2, the ages are for the and ages and up for rated .
there are many game , such as come or cam that can be a lot of fun.
this way more and more families can do activities together.
a place where people live and get shelter is a house, there are two kinds of houses.
but you can't just take all the books and things out the library that are not appropriate because some people actually need the books.
most dont have textbooks about or at home with them so they rely on the internet.
also there are advantages to reading books that show something different that that person have experienced before.
i urge you to stop the advances in technology now, before it is too late!
people have made the computer daster and more effective.
websites like esang.com car give you a might eating schedual right for your .
i am sure people would find my choice of books offensive or bad and would like to remove them from shelves.
i'd rather be playing football with my friends than that dumb game.
can you think of a job that doesn't require one at all?
they're songs are all about smoking weed and getting high.
my second reason states that there is some history on many different websites.
most of the books, magazines, and movies are all reachable by little children.
no, i don't think certain reading material should be removed from libraries just some people find offensive.
it would be terrible, but if you looked it up on the internet, you would know the truth about it.
also people play to many video games on the computer too.
however, if would be a lot more trouble if you didn't have any knowledge about computers are where the helpful keys are.
according to , economic , every hour you spend on the computer, you raise your electricity bill by .
in conclusion, you should buy a computer.
i agree that some people waste their time, but without computers everything would be much harder.
i know this because my sister goes on the computer and completely ignores my mom and dad when there talking to her.
by putting people on computers you're putting then at risk of death this is an extreme problem computers have caused.
i don't really care what people gotta say, if 's on the shelf, stays on the shelf.
they say that all the junk kids and grown-ups acumulate in their daily life is unhealthy and will never go away unless they get up.
how about the capital of a state that visit, slipped your mined?
everyone reacts to things differently.
i was walking around searching for a book about animals because all the seventh graders had to research an animal.
another major reason is because of the extreme health issues computers are.
they go on the computer to check e-mails, play games, look at facebooks/myspaces.
you have your own choice when it comes to what your children read, watch, and listen to.
dear local newspaper, tired, lazy people sitting on their computer and wasting their life bacause of it.
computers are useful in school.
dear local newspaper, opinion about computers is that they benifet people.
some might take that offensive but other people from diffrent race or relegion might want to learn about what was said.
do you really think computers have a positive affect?
i think that computers have a positive effect on people because you can communicate with different places around the world.
when you sit at a computer and type you start to memorize where certin letters, numbers and punctuation are.
begging brings a bad name to the society and country.
adults can eliminate the amount of materials the children take home with them.
you can with your friends, email your peers and now there are website you can go on where you can talk to your friends or a stranger.
i do agree that citizens should not spend too much time on the computer, but it still has a totally positive effect on people the world.
those thing influence kids to do things they should not even be thinking about doing.
alter playing computer games more and more the time it takes for you to react to the game you are playing and hit the mouse button is very important.
one in every people can't keep up with payments.
if there are any books that have any types of adult content, they should be in the adult section.
i use to own a youtube account and get many views.
last receson the computers have effects on people is that people will tend to act addicted to the computer .
many people use this to get in touch with a close family members or a friend.
his father also lives with him.
this could a leading of obesity.
don't you?
then the bell rang.
i have three reasons for this issue and they are , and .
by doing this he expects a better
the people who spend their day on the computer need to change.
people also can learn to have a personality because they in use.
the creator of that, "" online chat programs will help people communicate with each other.
this way you can save money and trees.
its a big world out there and it is not getting any smaller and it is not going anywhere anytime soon.
they give her the christian name florence, to remember her place of birth.
everyone is on the computer these days.
i asked, ' happened?'
if the child then starts spending all their time on the computer then they won't be spending anytime with their friends.
first of all there are many places in the world that not everyone can go to.
this i could not imagine.
we want to good guys to win.
computers present the easiet way to research and gather information. ""
i believe that people should read whatever they so choose to and should not think they are breaking laws for some 'offensive' material.
she now recieves an hour this has to gaining weight and losing health.
no matter how hard the task is, we should keep trying until we succeed.
secondly, computers supply you with information to write papers, newspaper articles, etc.
the new trend in schools all around the globe is the addition of computers or a computer lab.
also this will help people that are shy around people.
to me thats no fun, i mean come on dude you have to be able to take a joke.
you would be so attatched to your computer, that you wouldn't work out.
the possibility of defeat should not unnerve us.
the whole human ace would be in chaos.
you can playing games with people from ground the world.
it would also help them on their reports.
then they go home and go on their own computers instead of going for a walk or a bike ride.
in addition the computer benefits students very well.
instead of running over to the library and wasting your time with a book.
it is very thin and weak.
but it's live, the trails and that to be fuller nature lovers are numbers.
the library has books so you can reasearch with books insted of computers.
as a teenager you should be socializing with your friend at the movies, arcaded and parties.
however, homework is not the only school work effected by the computer.
lots of dating sites to meet diffent people to go out and give your commets.
it's fun!
just because you use a computer more than getting exercise dosnt mean your not healthy.
by having a computer people can talk to other people.
most importantly, computers ruin many relationships with friends and family.
a lot of parents complain that their children are doing bad things in the streets.
for example if you are planning a trip you can learn where to eat and where to get entertained.
you can go in the computer in and the you see the pieces of your car.
computers not only help people discover places and learn more about other parts of the world, but also computer allow people to communicate with others around the world.
my most thing you like having fun or going out to your family?
there were people of all ages outside the ticket window.
a study was shown and of people who use the internet don't exercise or work out.
computers also help you with your school work by helping you with homework.
you know, the one that hit the homerun using hand-eye coordination.
have you ever wondered what life would be like without computers?
you have to expect that from kids now a days.
punctuality means doing something at the fixed or appointed time.
football, volleyball, cricket, running, and swimming are a few such games and sports.
before instruments, music was just purely voice, but as the centuries went on, music became more advanced.
while in present day less than of all children get at least one hour of time outside.
i really liked the adventure books such a the boxcar children and books like that.
remember that it whould not be abad thig if you wrote a articol on this.
dear , i 't you agree that computers benefit society?
this book she read wasn't hers it was her mothers and she left it on the table to take back to the library.
with this you can see and talk to people on a lillte camray even if they are far away.
computers can also be a distration by making people lazy and have bad websites.
i say again, thank you for taking out your time to read this.
computers can help with a social studies or a science project.
computers are an outrage.
everyone goes through life with different things they have to learn at different rates.
they do not have to read these books it does not affect them.
games comeucicate with childern to teach them how to write, read, spell, and pronounce words.
but i think that t.v.
first of all, the libraries will lose customers.
and by doing this it will help me on my project or essay.
this is my last reason how computers can change someone's life in a positive way.
these are many websights with a eduicationly purpose only.
another reasons why its good is that you can talk to your friends from the computer.
the kids that wrote the paper said it took them around two hours.
maybe you read books, go to school or even watch .
i think that overall, anything taken as offensive to anybody should be taken out of libraries.
if you take every offensive word out of a book, chances are it is going to be hard to sit through it.
they teach you skills you need in life.
this way the person receiving the letter will be able to read the letter.
for example, turbo tax is an online program that allows people to pay taxes online and it remembers every tax you have paid.
the articles would probably be after the events occur.
my concern is that they haven't been exercising much, they arent enjoy nature and they aren't spending much time with their family.
you won't spend time with your friends and they will start to ingnore you and think that you don't care about them.
there are many great effects computers have on and for people.
other people think that computers can't give you any problem but computers works with electricity and pay for the electricity bills.
then it disrupts that persons study.
they are going to get fat because they eat and sit down and than they get hungery again than eat and sit down.
that is not what needs.
first, we need to take into consideration that every person is different, and therefore prefers different types of materials provided by a library.
but i think that we need to find a balance between the two.
books ranging from children's to difficult adult ones.
who can be the ultimate decision maker in deciding if something is offensive to everyone?
by taking books out of libraries, we are limiting our freedom of speech.
have you seen the look on a child's face he/she learns something new?
we turned around and saw a little boy struggling in the pool.
if you didet hav a computer if you would be so hard to do stuff.
dear local newspaper, computers are a vey unique and advanced device.
they want to hear the bad language and see graphic, gory scenes.
like i said, its great for keeping connections between people, simpling everyday life, and research for school.
honestly, a without computers i wouldn't know what to do.
this all stays next all on the computer.
it is one thing to chat online, but it is better to be able to see someone face to face than a picture on screen.
not to menchion just i was assigned to complete a history paper on .
all you need to do is type in vacation spots and click enter.
we all know that not everything is okay for certain age groups to read, see, or listen to.
dear, town.
it's alot of things you can do on a computer to have some fun.
one day he requested me on facebook and from there on we have been comunicating on web sites like facebook, myspace and, skype.
whenever i go into , my page comes up and shows me the current events.
that can be scary because you do not know if this person is really someone you thought they were.
spending too much time on the computer is not healthy.
there are many ways to do this.
thus the patient gets stronger physically and mentaly.
people can pretend to be who they are not in real-life, which is why ananymous chat-rooms and instant messaging are dangerous and un-reliable.
friends use computers to keep contact after grade school or if they do not live nearby.
it is also might be used to talk with friends on facebook, twitter, and .
another problem people encounter with the internet is being too focused.
now what are you going to do with your life?
it's hard to get upset with your children for learning something wrong, but it's not right to blame the writer.
they also help us when we want to know what to do when your newborn has a cough and a small sneeze you know the tough stuff.
public libraries are, even with the widespread usage of the internet, important places for us, as residents of a city, to socialize and learn.
the music they have out now days, children shouldn't listen to it.
using these websites, people can have a higher education.
now you really cannot give up time with your friends and family since they are so important!
the people who fight for what they believe in would need a lawyer.
the computer is a way to do things that you shouldn't, while keeping your identity hidden.
look at what they have involved into .
they went to change their golden moments of their life into money.
example, instead of going to the libarary to get information on something, you can you use a computer.
there is a big difference between choosing not to look or listen to something than being told you cannot look at something.
books will take a few days and you only have days to research, create, and organize your project and data.
also you no longer have to work a redundunt type write that always makes mistakes that you have to retype.
she helps me to understand and learn my lessons easily.
did you know global warming is caused by the minimum density in the air?
that wright will keep coming until you can't even move.
also you can make plans with one of your friend on something if they live really far or something like that.
depending on the children they should be able to choose what they read, listen to or watch.
this is one of our basic needs as an individual.
educational tours arranged by schools promote interstate and international goodwill.
they are on so much they dont enjoy nature anymore.
furthermore the computer enables people to comunicate with others.
we depend on nature but if we don't respect her, she will kill us.
i think we need to reform this problem soon.
they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, they even allow people to talk online with other people.
games are great to get your mind going.
we come in contact with other people traveling.
the most important thing in life is family and friends, technology should get in the way of that.
history is filled with moments both glorious and inglorious.
when you take the book, movie or magizine off the shelf it is gone forever from that library.
if the teens gave up sports then they would't have anyining to keep them fit one!
either way you could still find something about the writing to be offensive.
but it is the misuse of time.
people on computer might go outside because they are involved with the computer.
this a important skill because it helps with physical movements, using your hands for example.
all of a sudden you lose your grip, but you catch your laptop just in time, what hand-eye coordination!
libraries get donated alot of their stuff, they are profitable, but then again a non-profitable resource.
i'm sure no one wants my beliefs forced on them.
a negative issue with having computers with internet, certain websites that are not age able.
should certain books be banned or shouldn't certain books be banned?
my mom said that she couldn't watch it with me because, 'it hit too close to home.'
one reason why computers have such a positive effect on humans, is that we have developed many ways to communicate with people all over the world.
if your family member lives far away and you don't have enough money for the phone bill, computers help you to not loose touch.
for example all that typing can lead to arthritis in the hands and fingers in the long run.
so dont be going where bragging your computer because some can't afford one.
i am one of those people who like using the computer a lot but i have relized changes.
in the end we all have our rights and we use those to choice weather to read or listen to certain material.
if more people cared for nature then global warming would not be an issue.
with them we can talk to others from far away, and fast.
sometimes internet is not good for children.
but that doesent make them bad people injoy looking at them kinda magazines thats just what people like.
many people want computer because they do have enough money to one.
dear , i strongly believe that computers are a big benefit to society these days.
instead of going to a noisy arcade, why not play exciting games right in the privacy of your.
lastly, not everyone you find is the person they portray themselves.
some you could save important from your past.
they also don't let us enjoy the beauty of nature and exercising.
people who don't exercising can gran weight if they don't exercising at all.
dear , computers do not have a positive effect on people.
instead of getting outside and enjoying nature, they waste time on computers.
if they bring up a situation then just take it off the shelves so you can stay safe and them as well.
lastly, i will talk about how you could do homework.
visit with family and friends or even exercise.
now, with computers, people can instant message, or email anyone, anywhere in the world.
when five, my daddy used to tuck me into bed every night.
the children buy ice-cream, toys, sweets, and candies.
so my statement here is that its okay to spend alot of time on your computer instead of exercizing going to see friends and family and enjoy nature.
also, having the ability to learn about cultures can make peole peole and their cultures, they understand others something.
computers are helpful in many ways, they can be an information post.
there can be no more, ""my dog ate my homework"" excuse.
third, parents or any gauriden always talk about there kids or would like to see them with friends.
this makes life easier for many people.
say you are in geometry and it is kicking you're butt, got to academy for informational videos.
whatever you do just get off your computer and go outside or the gym for exercise!
we all want to talk to our freinds, but we can not be with our freidns all the time, so there is she internet to help us.
it could be a book used for teaching health or nursing class and is not meant to be inapropiate at all.
you can gather information from servers websites, , you can create and learn a lot on your everyday computer.
computers benefit people because the can talk online with others.
because of today's new technologies, especially computers, the beauty of nature is being almost completely passed by.
with such experience computers take away time with and when i had computer, always now we never spent time with her.
as one can see computers help with hand-eye coordination.
who knows, maybe you will get a book that makes you think twice about what information is held in between the bindings
statistics show that out of people say tennis have actually made them more confident.
with computer you can now send a letter faster then before.
there are rude and horable things out in the world.
even smaller businesses use the computer to connect to customers.
but a few days lapse may make him unfit, for any cure, even with costly drugs.
but it isn't up to me, is it?
for instance there are more and more familys splitting up now and sientest sat that of the time it's because of technolagy.
i can't stress enough that without them we just be less in the rest.
being involved in a sport would be healthier and more fun that talking to people online.
she was obtaining a plethora of 's on most of her tests after not studying because she was on for almost six hours everyday.
did you know that out of people who owned a computer and typed daily were able to catch all three tennis-balls that were thrown at them!
i that you don't want to see you or your kids brillant brains turned to mush by computers.
dear , computers are a sought after item in this day in age, and we are making advances in technology every single day.
but what you don't want a movie?
i believe that the viewer should have a family member's consent to view said content.
in take home and watch.
when, the ball goes right out of the parts!
even the autobiographys and documentories should be in their own section too.
all of those things make work easier.
these electronic wonder help us and our planet in some many ways.
also, studies have shown that common citizens who use these cootraptions for over four hours each day end up with an extremely deteriorated vision by the age of .
they provide us timber (wood) for building our houses and making furniture.
this is because yar supposed to keep your family and friends company and not daze off on what your doing on the computer.
there is a small garden in front of my house.
the author or artist use those to spread his/her ideas and beliefs.
another example would be, that books could be 'offensive' as , but if we didn't have them we would not have intellegent doctors.
to completely alienate these books is extremely unfair to the time that was put into them.
did you know that more than of shopping for clothes car parts and other things are bought an auction such ebay and amazon?
it inportant you spend time with them an see how they been an what they been up to.
now, if a book, music, movie, magazine, and ect.contain raceism in it then it should be censored, unless its about history.
the computer give you the wrong info.
everyone has different point of view.
it makes things easier by typing up essays because you could type it faster and its eaiser to make changes.
my second reason that computers are extremely good for us is that they are entertaining.
i think that they just need to leave the unsensored things alone.
computers have a large positive effect on our lifestyle.
a few months ago i spent about a whole month just coming home from school and being on the computer for several hours.
as a nation, we can lower the statistic above and create a better environment altogether.
nobody wants to be distant from their friends and family.
computers are what makes all this possible.
last but not least, a computer improves your social skils.
you could sit forever and learn all about these magnificent creations.
dear local newspaper, name is in the grade in in .
realitives you talk to over computers, why not talk to them in real life.
i think computers have a great effect on people
movies that are funny entertain children daily ; some children even quote movies and make other children laugh.
so i veiw techknowlygy a so good thing.
this is my people should stop being lazy and have some fresh air.
on the computer you could see workouts to get fit we don't only have to go to the gym.
certainly text sources can give the same accurate information, but the computer is fast and easy.
firstly, computers are good thing because they allow news and infirmation to get to the whole world in seconds.
it is also a great way to plan family trip or to book flights and such.
many parents have different standards and what some parents find acceptable for their children appall others.
you can also listen to the radio on a website.
some kids in the school shouldn't be viewing or reading about unacceptable things.
in the state of , about of people have a laptop or a computer in their home.
do they have a good effect or bad effect.
put a stop to suicides, obeasity, and hurting the environment.
i loved each moment of it.
books are sorted by genre.
more and more technology is being invented, people use the computer to do work and to learn.
through e-mail, video chat and instant messaging., we can communicate with whoever we would, whenever we wort.
(hows that for excersing).
this helps people to be more educated and updated with the world around them.
teaches often assign writing homework, which takes about twice as long to hand-write other than type.
a person is a human being.
websites like , , and can keep your social life in tact, and can even reunite yu with old friends.
i knkow my mom uses facebook and talks to old friends since she moved.
can recall the time when the trails runs were overrun with people. """"
many people have stopped going out with friends and family due to going on the computer.
for exsample, if you play the sport baseball, the speed of your pitch will increase over if you use the computer for over a hour a day!
you can also catch up on the shows you are missing when everyone is talking about them in school.
, we want them to live life to the by taking care of themselves by exersizing.
it is a great thing to bring some light to their dark world.
a computer help people build skills now and for their own future.
lastly, computers make life easier.
to who this concern, in my opinion, computers have greatly improved our lives.
he earns through the sweat of his brow but he never complains.
sex, drugs, violence.
without computers, no one would have these skills.
dear newspaper, have you ever wanted to see your that lives across the country?
many of us young kids say that myspace and facebook is a bad place.
i think this because they don't exercise enjoy the great outdoors and have good time with family and friends.
most people don't do that.
third reason is the computer is a fun way of talking to friends or family.
i, personally, find it very entertaining and at the same time educational to learn a language different from my own.
computers are very enchanced pieces of machinery.
dear newspaper, you turn there is technology.
everyone i know likes to the beutiful birds and animal.
some people think that game is funner than life (personaly i think it is) but is not their life.
their are a few reasons why i think censorship shouldn't be allowed in libraries or out in public.
would you rather your kids to learn things from the facts or learn from friends?
webcams hooked up to the computer let people talk face to face with someone else they might not have seen in months.
they usually stay up all night playing games or going on .
plants and animals too need water to survive.
the first reson i think that computers are great modern society, is that we can learn instantly about foren countrys.
his daughters are students of class nine and seven.
another thing that people believe is bad in libraries is the talking.
the children want computors so hard.
people here have freedom of speech and desirve the right to not have there work censored because a small group finds it offensive.
for example, say there are signs of a hurricane going to hit near their homes.
many places show and sell offensive material.
i could go on and on, the list is a mile long.
and the some i believe that child in the
this also revolves around addiction, by using the computer over a large period of time.
people think that computers are only used for games, but in reality, they teach us things about the world.
plus, websites and some applications are dangerous.
i got a because i misspelled name, but that doesnt matter.
the society in ' ' proves to be oblivious to everything that is going on in many different ways.
they also tad addicting but people know when to stop.
people speak about computer literacy, computer courses,
i ask those people "why were they there?"
my third reason for thinking computers have a good impact on people is that without them factories would crash.
now like never before, we can type faster, improve hand eye cordination, and edit our papers without the help of a peer.
my parents are always staked about me talking to my friends and hanging out with them.
dear , in a pole conducted by the () people agreed that computers are a easier way to research than going to a library.
whatever it be called, book banning or censorship, it is a negative thing and should not be a part of our public library systems.
my friends and i would not be able to show each others outfits and other items without ""aim"".
it could be twice a year or more a month or whatever is picked as long as there is one day or even more than can exercise on.
i see the little plants grow.
do you want this to happen to you?
but libraries today has be way more improved and advance with music,movies,and etc.
if all of these things happen prior to the fact that libraries have censors on their materials then many libraries will not get as any customers.
i think are very helpful because you can use them for emailing, working, and school work.
censorship is found on television, in libraries, in schools, and even in homes.
next time feel the urge to update your status with something like ' got home,' call a friend over to go hang out at the park instead.
some of the books could offend some people when they don't know it.
also, you can use the computers for a research project or you can use the for some facts on people like , , and .
maybe that why kids get interested in drugs and achole at such an early age.
to solve the problem, everything should not be censored.
they also have maps to guide you through the way.
hurting people isn't a fun thing to do, and people certainly do not want to do that.
the internet explorer on your computer can open your eyes to a world of kodedge.
""i have my whole mom's side of the family living in .
you might even find a lady bug.
if you find something offensive in the book, movie, or even the magazine doesn't mean the next person will.
get your child(ren) away from their laptops now!
com, or we can grab our shoes and see it for ourselves.
to whom it concern, i believe that computers benefit society.
your going to stay there and burn your eyes out from looking at a screen all day.
is that not much evidence at all to show the people that something is wrong.
it allows you to quickly talk a person without waiting, for reply for more than days.
also, there are and various more.
some people have trouble talking to people in person and more comfortable chatting over the computer.
using the computer, and internet.
first off, computers are an easy way to have a universe of information at your fingertips.
compters are good for people because they help keep friends conected.
she said ""the average american spends four hours or more on the computer.
computers can also saave buseness money because that con cut out jobs such as record keeper.
dear , technology has been advancing at a rapid rate for many years now making life much easier for everyday people.
paper no made from trees, so must be cut down.
we wrapped him in a towel and asked him to relax.
the principal read out the annual report.
this is horrible.
can you see now why i believe that having computers around is good.
it helps people stay aware of the world around them and educated about everything.
the delets the paper the person go, "" is the paper i saved !
when they pay the same taxes everyone does to have those books and movies on the libraries shelves.
not only that, you can get discounts on many items just by shopping online.
if you want to really have a great life sitting in front of the computer your entire life isn't going to let you have that kind of fun.
when people are on computers all day they have less time exercising.
i know everyone doesn't know everything.
when you exercise you have tons of energy to anything.
i love what you've done to your room, the pink wallpaper is so cute!""
thus, goes on the season’s cycle.
we cannot alow others to dictate, in this matter, what is right for us.
so local news paper will you make that change for the society and for the childrens?
tour guides who worked in , we being fired, due to less people wanting a tour, so less tour guides are needed.
even have a tricky math problem you couldn't figure out?
i remember living in a town, with a lot of christin people, so the libraries only had christin books.
please let them keep teaching
to start, computers are loaded with viruses, scams and internet predators.
when students sit down to type their papers they also, many times, have another at the same time.
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
based on everything i just said i don't think computers have a very good effect on effect on people.
such as, hand-eye cordination.
the other girl said.
this website lets people upload videos.
dear , i have heard the concern of many scientists about computers.
lastly, now with spell check, we are able to edit papers without using someone elses help!
and you can see them.
you can talk friends on the computer by one of the most comon website facebook.
sometimes using the computer could be educational.
i think that if people dont want there children to see it then dont let them.
a bad part about the internet is chat rooms, if you talk to the wrong people then you can be in trouble.
kids could go under history to go to a website they were recently on when click the wrong one bringing them inapropiate website.
i do and its just great.
he kept trying over and over again and never gave up.
studies show that more adults are on computers, playing games than children.
if you online you can in the computer.
computers improve reflexes and such but you can do that by exercising, also!
so it's rely important to have hand-eye.
i hope that by the end of this letter you will see that computers do benefit our society.
so the final question is, should certain materials be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
this will help you come out of your shell and become a lot more interactive around people.
the last reason i believe have a positive affect on people is because it replace.
learning to type is good because you also get to see which keys are where and wont need to look at them alot.
i have read why libraries might not be a family place anymore all because of the varities they carry.
everyone likes to watch movies, jam to some music, and get lost in an interesting book.
such as the player, cell phone, video game counsels such as xbox but probably the most popular and most used is the computer.
lastly, you can also develope relationship problems.
my doll is a beautiful teddy – bear.
they help education make everything and traveling is .
so why ruin other people's fun just to get what you want?
he advises us in every moment of difficulty.
a majority of people think, 'that book is offensive!
you could visit a new country without leaving town!
secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places.
computers can transfer very important information including homework after schol activities.
in school we have a lot of projects that we might need type or get a picture.
not spending time with your family and friends is an awful thing to do.
now that are new technology with computers and such, people are distracted and do not want to exercise.
he tries to find out the reason and guides us.
dear local newspaper: i'm , going to tell you some positeves & negatives: the truth about computers.
there is such a thing as which allows you to write people over the internet on the computer.
such as excersising or just going outside.
new technology such as computers, can help us with that skill, we should use it.
so the computer actually helped with real life activities.
petafiles go on these websites under an alias, pretending to be teens and children.
and there is an application that lets you paint pictures or draw pictures.
they're adults in a blink of an eye.""
my third reason is kids migth have e-mails.
my second reason computers have affect on people is because it allows people to talk online with other people whenever they want.
my first main idea is that computers help students find important information help students find important information on a project.
also when you learn about something.
people think ""we'll, there's always the library?""
loves online games, and he wins almost of the time.
did you know that of people in the united states pay there bills on the computer and manage there mony on the computer.
teachers mostly perfor to have the kids typ their eassys.
despair is writ large on their faces.
many jobs are involved with computers, such as an acountend.
thousands of kid's give out there address and have been robbed.
did you know of kids go outside every day that means of kids are in side on the computer.
i think that the libraries in generally shouldn't take themusic,movies, or the magazines away.
have you ever been bored at home and looking for something to do on that dark, rainy, chilly night?
i was taken to its class of the primary section.
he looks foolish clown but actually he is a skilled artist.
i check online for homework and in online shopping twenty minutes.
these are simple and save lots of time.
my first reason is talking online.
recently, i have moved from to and staying in contact with my fr iends there is extremely important to me.
my younger sister learned how to read on the computer.
too much time on the computer limits the amount of exercise you get everyday.
on computers people can now watch .v.
then, go onto youtube.com, type in exercise and work out.
he was having heaps of books on all sides of his table and in shelves.
mr. kailash is a popular person.
many people say that computers aren't educational, but scientists say it can move a students grade from a to an a+.
there are also website such as mapquest & yellowpages to help people navigate cross country and around town.
if kids or parents are offended by these types of books, then they do not need to check them out.
we do not really have a lot of movies in our school library, but i do know that there are some in the town library.
my freshman year we read and .
i disagree with this act, and i would like to tell you why i do.
without a computer i woudn't be able to see who woll last nights ball game or whats happening with the health care bill.
another idea i have is if you see a younger kid by older people books, movies, etc.
with e-mail and instant messaging, it was easy to talk, and exchange the latest news!
i would hate to do that.
the last thing is the things that people are doing on the computers which is like i sometimes go on facebook.
so it makes it easy on adults as well.
i don't believe there should be censorship in libraries.
then the student could be in trouble.
i do not beileve that computers benefit society.
some parents don't want their kids hearing foul language or inappropriate stuff from the type of music they listen to.
the isusse is bad or good for you.
if you are a responsible person then you are fine.
on your computer: you can watch videos and play games, you can chat and talk to people, and you can even boost up your grade.
bullying has caused death or many other problems.
many times we don't even think about using computers, it just becomes a part of our dayly routine.
many observations, personal experiences, and/or readings have been done by many different people.
there is nothing offensive in this section and it should not be removed.
they also, allow people to talk to other people online.
there are people that hack into people's banking account, which has all your personal information on it, and withdraw any sum of money tha they like.
finally you can talk to friends online websites like facebook and myspace are great ways to keep in touch with your friends.
the definetly entertain us all.
well i think not how would that make you feel.
i've personly, learned a lot from computers.
they even allow you to communicate with your family who live far away, strengthening your relationships.
do we want that, !
using a computer is more convient and will make your due assignment as neat as ever.
so, let the word out that computers are bad for society, and try to make the world a better place to live.
see, just recently a girl in went over her friends' home to do their homework together.
dear local newspaper, you know, people are starting to buy and own computers.
there are many websites that allow you to talk safely to people.
it will mean that they'll doing their job as a good parent.
in the next few pragraphs, i'll show you my point.
it takes away your time that you can be going to the , going to stores restaurant the things you.
if you're in school and you need to research, well there you go, you have a computer to help you.
wouldn't it you were just about to finish an essay for school when you mispelled a word and had to start all over?!
people use the computer for many things, books, movies and so one.
yes because what if a year old could find a offensive to have a book that talks about his race in a bad way.
, like most , has quests, with varying difficulties.
then they split up for good.
in addition, computers help us understand other countries and learn about their culture and how they are doing.
this bad of help can male school projects easier, make students be even smaller and give opportunity to help in need.
i think that computers are becoming an issue.
not invite someone over, or go out to lunch with your family istead?
if books are being taking away then very less books will be read.
there fore hanging out with a relitive is much more imortant than playing on the computer.
we also a challenge in middle school to see which school could read the most.
i could not find i had to go on a computer for the information.
that goes for the opposite too what other people find offensive you might like.
another example is the keyboard, because while learning where all the keys are you memorize them.
one of feild reponters tried the virtual trainer and found a appreciation for the jobs at our builders.
in spite of being rich he is not arrogant.
dear , people are using computers all the time but computers help us all the time in positive ways.
it helps people learn hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn a far places and you can talk online with other people.
not all parents find some of the things in libraries offensive, even if they be.
also when you look for a home decorator you just go on the computer and look up websites to see some of the work they have done.
so since you are not working out and your mind is always on the computer you can get sick.
i want to state a opinion on how computer effects people.
but they go to the and for the thing they have to away.
and education are essential, especially now; the more you learn, the better salary you get.
not only do people interact bu people can research useful information.
instructors report that skills in trainees and students are far better than in years past.
your cousin believing in one thing,means you have to believe in it also?
it is practically the same with books.
compuer games make people happy because when ever they are bored and does nothing going on you can hop on the computer and play a game.
lastly, i believe that family is the most important thing to missing out on!
besides communicating through letters or on the telephone, the internet has also given us more ways for fast communication.
dear newspaper editor i would like to make about the benifits of owning a computer.
we shouldn't just ban them because they offend certain people.
and it's okay if you decide to go get a soda while you are instant messaing because unlike a real conversation, that isn't rude.
finally, you could get althritis in your hands & fingers from typing & using the mouse all the time.
there was a great rush.
it allows you to do do many things such as news and how the world is doing globally and how the economy is doing globally.
people can be influenced to do just about anything.
of have a computer at home.
we are very lucky to have a good neighbor.
they give us the oppirtunity to look up information quick and easy.
and let me tell you, there is no restarting after that.
censorship of books is competely unneccessary.
because it's saving money and the state won't have to pay for questions to get gas for the cars often or get re-build.
as you can tell, computers have affected our lives in a great way.
the books that older kids read have words in it to display a seriouse part to the story, or a tragic monment in the characters life.
you cannot sit there and waste your time on the computer.
it would be hard to teach about these horrible events without offending people.
dear people from the newspaper, i am concerned that people take too much time on the computer because it could cause trouble, voilence, & illegal crimes.
in my opinion computers have greatly contributed to technology.
internet, citizens would know little about other countries' people.
this will come in handy for familys.
she'd sometimes get violent when someone tried to pull her away.
all you would have to do is type as much as you want and click send and its at the other computer instintly.
being censored from things makes people want to rebel and learn the truth.
so say you do take that piece of material off that shelf or off the display.
clearly, computers have become a part of every day life.
people think that because there is facebook, aim, e-mail, and myspace that your interacting with friends.
i looked him up on facebook and now we are aqetances.
we as people have the right to learn, read, and expand our minds in whatever way we see right for us.
its your choice but be responsible enough to make the one that would benefit you.
also, everyone has a computer.
the computer can really amp up your social life.
it not even be your friend.
in our everyday lives, we come across many things that can be taken to offense.
if somebody wants to go to a foreign country, but doesn't know anything about it, he could lost it we on the internet.
first, computers have bad effects on people because it makes you unhealthy.
for example i read an article about the and the the next day my teachers gave us a pop quiz on that and i got .
computers is one factor to blame with the already being one of the most obese countries in the world who would want to add on to this cotastrofy.
computers also benifit other electronic inventions.
i myself have never really read or watched anything that was completely uncalled for.
you can send someone very far away a message through e-mail or instant messaging.
a child could be on the internet and something accidentally pops up.
also there are games on the computer that can help you with math.
i personaly think that comittys should stop trying to censor every thing because they wont be able to sencer how adults talk when they are around chindren and younger adults
they are also environmentally friendly because news paper companies are going out of buisness.
does't that sound great?
people can also do this if they have a busy lifestyle with work or school.
initially, ones safety while using a computer is at risk.
they even became your new best friend.
sure, you can video chat, but that still does not convey the real feeling behind a persons words.
the flowers laden with dew merrily wave their heads and spread their fragrance.
use but you would need and it.
these advances in the technology are making us very selfish.
you can even talk with your family through the computers and you won't spend that much money on expensive international phone calls.
florence worked day and night and put everything right within a few weeks.
the queue was broken.
these are my three reasons why computers are important to society.
gives bullies a chance to make their prey depressed into a point where they consider suicide.
players carry off the ball and then try to pass it through the goalposts of the opposite teams.
i'd rather enjoy a meal with family and then just sit down, relax, and talk.
sensed that i had no clue was talking about so continued.
most likely not.. that is why i am here.
the computer are the reasons why we no our history and know about actors, slaves, sergents, and much more.
comptores can benifit people by tracking hand-eye coordination give people the ability to learn about the world, and allow people to communicate to others.
is a good way for kids to talk to one another because some might not have phones or you don't see them at all during the school day.
the computer helps many different people in many different ways.
and to minimize this problem libraries can take these books out so peolpe won't find it be offensive.
there are so many ways to do, such as email, or many of the social networking websites.
everyone in our world has different thoughts, beliefs, morals and values so why should we try to force our own views on others?
also, the computer reccomends many great gyms you can join, like fitness.
if you said no i can tell you how.
being able to contact people has never been easier.
how can you never things do.
there are several portible computer devices that can be brought outside to use while walking like a .
that is sad for everyone plus it's not worth it.
then again, if you think about it, maybe not so simple.
this quote shows that if anyone had the right to pull a book from the shelf we wouldnt have any books left.
dear times, i am writing in regards to the article recently writen in your newspaper on computors.
computers can help you find what your looking for or show thigs that you have never seen before, but it is all a waste of line.
unlike my brother were he is obeast because all he done were before he had the computer he was as thin as us.
jobs use them everyday, connections are made by people, and education grows because of them.
the kids can look at this stuff and see violence.
those were the reasons to explain opinion on the compter fact in the news paper i read.
by jogging instead of going on the computer you can lose weight and see the real world than the world behind the computer screen.
such areas are dry, sandy and very hot.
then, we as people will wonder what will be left of us.
you get facts reviews about the place.
people would lose intrest in books if people started putting movies and music in libraries.
our librarian is also very helpful.
clearly, computers make it easier to talk to people.
a recent study shows that of people who play online poker are addicted within two weeks.
when he finally marched back into school, barely had any work to make up because his teacher bad interacted with him over the computer.
moreover, another problemwith computers is that you don't get as much interaction with people.
through this program we can't socialize with as if she's at home and learn about her college experience.
she was so successful.
the trains were moving very fast and people were travelling, hanging by the bars of the foot-boards.
secondly the computers are helpful because they help you cordinate your hand and your eye.
clearly, being on the computer is bad for health.
because she was to busy on the computer.
during the day, they will be very tired in school or work and the internet will be the one to blame.
second of all, the computer network came up with new ideas for the computer.
i'll support them in the following paragraphs.
my third, reason is that it helps send things all over the world.
an achievement technology and science that improve all our lives.
try to direct them over to their age level area, and try to find them a book, movie, etc they be interested in.
they are also very convenient and easy to use, in mu opinion.
by doing this you will burn calories and get to learn the same stuff you would have on the computer.
computers have been very helpful ever since they were invented.
little kids about the age of six would be playing rated games, and watching rated movies.
therefore, , are having a negative affect on society.
however, those same appalling concepts have become accepted if not an uncommon habit.
i am getting scared i am online and i'm wondering if i did anything wrong.
it can't be done.
to , computers have made life easier for almost every person who has one.
at last, my brother came home and i was happy.
it would be kind of hard to keep track of how much trash is thrown out every year without a computer, surely banks use computers too!
advances in technologie have astoundingly increased since then, and people are on the computer/phones/other which is separating families everywhere.
did the bell ring in the middle of a conversation?
is that to me i really don't care because that is like who i am.
to conclude, computers greatly benefit us and are good.
doctors use computers to plan and perform surgery procedures.
yet, my brothers are influenced by things, such as the media, to say them.
alot of people in the country online for college.
the has many fun gaming websites such as .com miniclips.com, and .
it also lets you interact with people on the othe side of the world.
family is a wonderful thing in life, but they don't live forever.
if the others had an computer they would change there mind.
if you think it is good for little kids to be learning about bullying you are wrong!
without computers, society would not run as smoothly as it does now.
censorship in the libraries.
computers are able to help them with this.
homework and studying can actually benefit you in doing better can benefit you in your studies and ferther on in your life.
running a business or a corporation is a very difficult job to do.
computers these days, are used in the wrong ways, by the wrong people.
if the library dosen't have more than one copy of a book it will create a lot of prolums for everyone.
they teach us hand-eye coordinatin, give us the ability to research effectivly, and recently, became a great way of communication, 's are definately benefitting us.
addiction is hard to get over , so don;t live your life in a box and play on nonsens live your life to the fullest.
dear , computers are a neccessity to life.
some computers have webcams that allow you to see someone through the screen of your computer, isnt that great?!
i hope i have shown you as an independent person my statement was true.
i think they should depending on cause or what degeree of the party being offended.
dear readers, on the current debate of the effects of computers, i believe they strongly benefit all people.
in other peoples eyes you find some who disagree and do agree with you from having similar life experiences.
recently she has been getting off the computer and making more time with family and friends.
you learn so many good things from a libraries.
but what if you arn't at school, or have any books around?
dear , in this new digital age, computors are beaming more and more advanced.
i do agree with you on one thing.
in addition to people not people dont enjoy life as much, you only live once and life is special, so why sitting all day?
we would have computers but we wont use it like for along time then spend more outside.
the effects of what come are far worst than making it so an adult must reach a little high for the book they want to read.
friend, , lives miles away from me.
the parents of the child should be able to decide what a kid can read, listen, or watch, not a large group of people.
once you gain all that weight it is very hard to get rid of it.
also an essential thing needed to life is hand eye coordination, and a way to practice that is playing exercise practice games on a computer.
it saves gas money and time.
so honestly no one can say that a certain book(s), music, movie(s), magazine(s), etc.
i personally don't think that there should be any censorship in libraries.
in conclusion, not everything should be censored.
music is offensive but like i said only found in the adult area.
for every half hour at least minutes outside or with friends.
there is no reason other than someones opion to why certain materails should be removed from libraries.
my father is favorite is the financial deal.
good and bad things come from this.
all i can do is hope you publish my letter so everyone can see my point of view & make their own decisions.
computers have positive affects in this way.
there is , myspace, twitter, facebook, email, and even video chat.
computers have many diffrent social websites that you can talk to people.
did you know that of students rather use the internet book then taking the actual one home.
think about it if something is found offensive should it be avalible for thousdands and thousands of other people to read?
thanks to computers, i have that opportunity.
on the computer all the time can make you forget to spend time with your friends and family.
since the computer was invented there have been many many advancements and all of those things are gone.
in conclusion, i think i've made my point very clear.
if you want to be on the computer instead of going outside thats your choice.
computers have many benefits to society but it also have many negitive effects on people who use them.
even if its just having a conversation do it, maybe it can show them that you really care.
childern should not be hearing or reading about bad language.
""i was getting all 's when i did not have my computer.
of you eating an not exercising, because your worried about the computer.
the galaxy in which our solar system lies is known as the milky way.
censorship in libraries has gone on too long, it is time for the world to freely take part in the literature that interests them.
if we where to listin to what everyone said and remove the books that they do not like then other people would not have anything to read.
every student in my class used the computer in some way, shape, or form for their project.
because of some of the programs like , or , i am able to converse with cousins.
that people are speanding to much time on computers and not enough time outside and being with family.
every seens the new computers came out people been buying a lot the company been making a lot money from making the touch screen computers.
by spending a few minutes double-checking your information on other websites, your still spending less time than it would take to find the fact in a book.
using the computer seems to have more advantages than disadvantages.
example some people like to talk with a family member the is not in the so they communicate from the computer.
the arabian desert and the libyan desert are famous deserts of the world.
also we can learn about faraway places like or .
studies show that of people that are addicted to computers are not fit and don't play sports.
our labs are well equipped.
i think library censorship is not a good idea.
not everyone hase a computer because that cost so much a bacik computer can cost upwards of and more and thats sur ther computer.
i dont believe books should be takin off of the shelves for being offensive.
this is ten times easier that going on the and waiting for the news stone you want details on.
yes you can play games on the computer but would be ebtter if you play with your fmaily.
make sure you teach them the diffrence between really and fakeness.
he had a covered basket in one hand a been (flute) in another.
at times people do not close the taps properly.
firstly, computers are full of great advertisements.
if you want, you can also get a web cam.
people spend looking up random things when they could be outside rideing biks or going sur awalk.
the craftsmen were showing their skills.
to sum up, alot of us are pondering wether or not to spend more time on the compuer.
that person shouldn't have to fail if they can't find it in a library because some concerned parent didn't think it was appropriate.
if they need it out of site you can always put it on the highest shelf.
when shielded as a child they would not know what do to if the chances came to them to do drugs or drink.
dear , computers have really made an impact on society.
do we want our society to be badly influenced by a bunch of profanity, violent slogans, or jargon?
there could be seperate rooms for children.
those who support a trances in technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people.
in the first place, people aren't getting the exercise that they need because they are playing on the computer or video chatting with a friend.
ah, i love hearing my computer thunk on when i wake up.
this is terrible and should stop going on.
some people believe that reading something can be an influence to the way they act, but you cannot blame that on reading.
my last reason on why computers are good is because of studying, one thing that always happens is i leave my textbook home.
the authors gave the decision to choice between books or items.
dear i feel that computers do take away from peoples life and arent as important than the other factors of life.
also, another type of danger is cyberbulling.
a couple years ago, a was going to have the biggest game of his life.
why can't those that find it offensive just steer clear of it?
it is your choice in what you want to read, listen to, or watch.
i have showed you what you can learn about, talk to people and socialize and lastly help you with your health.
you might get fatter your stuffing your face wih cheez- itz and not excersising i asked a question it was what do you do while your on the computer?
also, makes things like ordering , getting plane tickets, getting help alot much easier & saves time!
for example if your favorite band was drop kick murpheys then you can that are you will find all of their songs.
this must change people need to enjoy what this world has to offer.
in conclusion, i must say once again that i support the advances of technology to an extent.
of all, people have a variety of opinions.
the man who makes furniture using wood is called a carpenter.
besides that, there is a computer injust about every work place that is up-to-date; restaurants, hotels, retail stores.
if you don't do exercise when you get older your bones are going to work.
i think as far as the child part of it , that no , children should not be aloud to read things that be vulgar, sexual , etc.
generations change and so does the enivorment but you can not change they way we grew up.
gaining valuable online doesn't just go for adults but children as well.
to band music because someone doesn't like it, changes music forever.
i remember their was a week when my cousin, denise, and her best friend wanted to see who can get more veiwers.
if someone finds the book offensive, the fault is not of the book being there, but of the person being in the wrong section.
the saying "" talk to strangers?""
she gets up to go start the car, but hey eye catches on the computer.
and it should have parents permisson on it showing that the parents approve of this.
there is a great rush at the school canteen.
dear computer co., computers have a negative effect.
if i were to call her each call would cost .
to begin with computers helps us expand our knowledge.
in history you probably learned about immigrants coming over to to get away from their ruler.
technology has been growing and changing rapidly.
the butterfly starts it’s life in an egg.
i would only suggest that so the kids will have a healthy thought about things.
if you are doing a project or need to look up information about something, the internet is one of the easiest ways to find that information.
one of those freedoms is the freedom of speech.
prayer works wonders.
the second girl was right.
would you like to be that child who doesnt have a family or any type of friends?
being able to talk to anyone that is far away is good.
computers deal with all sorts of things, from hand-eye cordination, learning about faraway places and people, to talking online with anyone.
so when he tries to memorize a part of the , he cannot retain what he has been reading.
no one can stop great books from being made and they certainly shouldn't be able to stop people from reading it.
computers make people feel lazy sometimes therefore they spend less time exercising.
yeah on playing counter strike.
where's that one place where you can experience all of those?
it can help our hand-eye coordination because it can help our fingers move faster and help us do things faster.
if a family wanted to take a vacation, they could use the computer to find a place they would enjoy and book a flight there.
he has allowed the computer and the internet to occupy his life, leaving no room for anything else.
i also feel thats if you dont like the book dont look at it.
most have holy books and writings.
this goes for anything else like furniture, instruments or even cloths.
a computer is very addicting people stay up on it for hours.
computers contain extremely valuable and secret information, such as names, birthdates, genders and even social security numbers.
""the main culprit of the 's percent of obeasity is not over eating it is actually electronics!
they are either working or playing.
the censorship should be fine according to some people other would disagree.
if libraries choose to censor things then not everyone would have equal opprotunities.
they are preventing people from exercising, going outside, are are just making them stay in there house all day.
what you have looked for in books and papers can be easily found on internet at the click of a button.
offensive books should not be anywhere you are at.
i feel that taking offensive books off shelves will help with this somewhat peaceful world i would like to live in.
music, magazines, books, and movies.
these kind of game also bring people to dangerous.
if we make a to spend this than on computers i think we can reduce this obesity amount and i believe ran as on overall country.
this piece of technology has so many benefits and positive effects on people that without it, everyone would be stupefied.
computer also take precious time away from exercise.
to sum it up, many things about our lifestyles need to change.
for instance, my friends all have the infamous?
our government also realized the importance of trees.
computers, believe it or not, are on easy and way to maintain contact with far away people.
now with video, you virtually meet the other person, showing how lonely and individually separate you can of from others.
since i live by myself in , i miss my family a lot.
a student may not like examination but he has to face it every year.
it is still making them learn some thing.
do you think books, music, movies or anything else that could have something offensive be removed from the shelves from our libraries?
i think that when katherine paterson said, 'children or any other children have taken off the shelf' that she was making a big mistake.
and if computers amde such a posotive impact on our country already i can only iamgine the years to come as computers become bigger and better.
though many novels contain explicit material, there are still numerous amounts that do not.
this park is just a short distance from my house.
lastly they should not be reading anything about bullying
computers provide an exellent source of education.
dear , some people thingk that computers are helping our society, but i disagree.
there's others dat don't like computer for nothing.
her computer, would have to have and .
the child had to get a pair of special glasses so that he could see better.
with the help from the computers you don't waste time going to the gym signing up, while you could do it at home.
libraries are a place where anyone can find books to read, on any topic they choose.
dear or the purpose of this letter is about how computers have changed our lives for the better.
another reason is that you can search anything you need to know.
socialization is a huge of the moders life style.
censorship should be evident in all sections of the library.
i know personally that it has help us.
many people from around the world have learned diffrent languages from wed sites or programs that have great instruction and lessons.
either way, completely getting rid of books because of their content is a terrible idea.
as time went on prince siddartha began to realize the suffering of human life.
i could not ride many of the rides there due to my size.
that's why i said that you still could interact with your family even you see on the computer.
removing books, magazines, and other materials off the shelves in a library leads to an unsuccessful empty library.
not only that but the life of kids have been threatened and taken by it.
are you going to go to the computer and save a bunch of time?
if my library had done its job and given me the guidance i sought, i would have grown so much more easily.
then we saw the tigers in their enclosures.
in conclusion, i believe that compkuters is no limit to what you can do with a computer, as long as you have the imagination.
so they can live in a house.
then when you go to check your eyes, the doctor will probably give a glasses.
so making sure the work is true and not hipotheticle is a good step.
i know you sometimes have your since you don't wanna get up?
some teens don't have that luxury.
dear local newspaper, name is and i am a citizen.
it was easy to find out how life was in , thanks to the actual girl explaining it.
but when he got to the library he could not find any books over the arabic world.
people have the choice to not listen to it or not read about it.
you can rent movies, music, and books at your pleasure as long as you take care of them.
they re informational.
i strongly believe that people have a bad affection people because you addicted, you spend less time with your family and friends.
computers teach hand-eye cordination, give people, and even allows computer to chat online with other people.
the library should provide a section for so that they can read appropriate material.
but good intentions do not keep wrong consequenses at bay.
it also makes it easier to find health insurance, car insurance, and house insurance.
i haven't but i checked out a book before that had a lot of racism in it and sex.
as a student i know they help me with school and communicating with my friends and relatives.
to bigin and going to organize my ideas and well and present them clearly.
i strongly believe that computers are bad and people spend to much time on them.
another student, , is working on the same essay.
people even go to school online they learn and study on things that are on the internet.
im means instant messaging, that means that instantly you message to another person using that program.
i listen to the radio station sometimes and all the music is mostly about violence.
also, i hope people can still have their rights and not let a couple people take it away from them.
my first reason we should all spend less time on computer is children play so many online games, such as of warcraft, , soilder front, ect.
it got even worse when it froze up a week later.
to find out about current events you can read the newspaper or watch the news.
excessive use of ocmputers has been linked to obesity and high blood pressure.
thats why computers are good.
maybe, to a sense i do not think that boo'ks should be removed to an extent.
they depend on their email to get to their boss or their layout of their statewide meeting to save so they can get the raise they deserve.
i have encountered problems between people that do not agree on throwing out or keeping it.
dear post, computers have been here for a while now and taking them away would be like forgetting all the progress we made in technology.
soon you will become fat.
any game you can think can probably be found on the .
just go to ""google"" or """", tpye in your question and recieve an immediatly.
he not only makes local calls but also trunk calls and does not think necessary to pay for them.
people in the workplace are distracted two.
my first reason that computers are a positive device to have is they can give you extra knowledge.
i am not advocating that books with unecessary violence be put on the shelves.
lastly you basically do anything on a computer.
thirly, if you use computers it will let you talk online or video chat with friends or family all over the world.
computers also help you to work for school.
he also gifted me a new bicycle.
second, the computer causes you to interact with people less.
we are telling them that its ok, but its most certanly not.
these high tech machines should be outlowed and given to only those who truly need them.
in conclution this world can be one of the more angerest.
i remember my older sister had to do some research on , the computer gave her all of the information she needed.
however, if you don't want anyone to see you go into that room you just simply don't go in it.
not only is it students but most people get news from the internet.
our is mainly run on computers, without them, it would be very difficult to be aware of an on coming attack or threat.
next, people begin to lose exercise.
consequently, certain people use computer because the help you with certain things.
it doesn't matter you using a computer for homework, talking with friends and familym or it is one of the most important inventions ever made.
its almost like a pen pal last your in a computer.
video chat is a great way to make new friends and still talk with your old friends.
next reason why computers are bad.
what i considered their aloofness was just discipline.
but yet im not saying a computer is all bad at all.
dear , computers have many posative affects on society these days.
this makes life a lot simpler.
you can look at the screen without having to look down at your hand to move the mouse.
doesn't it scare you?
you can also learn more, because you can learn how to do a math problem if you don't know it, or just catch up on reading.
that can turn out very bad.
he finds a book with a short bit on that person and writes about thet.
since, you can't walk with a computer in hand, you stop moving.
also there are video sites such as youtube.
you can see you favorite shows and moves.
i just think if their is a certain amount of people complaining about a movie or song that their should not even be a fight about it.
so, you want to have your news be the latest divorces and computer game high scores?
kids should be exercising outside not siting at home on the computer.
it sound rediculous, but in , shopping was done on the internet.
concluding that some people die each year of being over weight.
some people were standing and some others were sitting on the benches.
some people even create movies on special programs.
what is education for?
you can use word to make documents and powerpoint presentations that organize your ideas.
with are of the largest number of members.
yes once you were happy you had a computer.
magazines can have girls with not much clothes on or other things that make boys minds wander.
the internet can also help people find jobs.
you lose relationships with your friends and family because you never get off the computer.
the main thing that computers are great for is research.
dear , computers are beginning to be a problem in many households.
she said, ""i got tired of taking pictures of the same local things everyday.""
to finish this letter, i want to say that ) computers allow people to learn. )
lets say a friend or family had to move to another country or state.
for that it will take at least to minutes for the interenant if you were to lookingit in a book it can take at least to minutes.
schools everywhere should use computer and keyboards for work instead of paper and pencil.
read the following to know just how important computers really are.
but with the help of my computer i can interact with them all year round.
it helps use make are family stronger, help us keep are flight out and help us get homework, for school the next day.
maybe you should go out and something fun with that person.
in the us people have the right to expressed their beliefs and feelings on any type of topic that is brought up.
in conclusion, they are not as time-consuming as every one think.
censorship in libraries is what will destroy our world.
next, useing computers is very helpful to the human race because it will effect students school, parents/guardians/teens.
dear , are not bad for society.
the computer itself was a busness and people model lots of money.
being on the computer you can go nights without sleeping.
if it is offensive to everyone then it should be off the shelf.
if you can watch that movie in a movie theatre, why cant you check it out of a library?
they can use email, facebook, aim, and so many more.
if you use the computer its bad, but if you use it in moderation then its a little better.
i thank it woukd work because it would not been showin to are childer and they would not whant to have babys as a teenager.
they also allow communication with foreign countries.
i think that computers have great affects on people.
and you hear the crime rates go up.
i stated all of my reasons why i support advances in technology.
gets a offended by this.
these are just a few of the many reasons this is wrong.
the public has a right to entertain themself any way they would like to choose and with any material or subject matter they would like.
if we were given the right to remove and books, movies, magazines, etc.
in conclusion, i would like to state that computers aren't a good thing for society, they are a thing for civilization!
youre only answer could be "", can we chande the question to what did i not do today?""
now, we have one small device that we carry around with us to do our work.
instead of using a book (which wastes trees) to slowly find your information you can use a simple computer to do the job.
when children sit in front of a computer for many hours, they have an increase in apetite.
but, if people had the right to remove books or anything that is offensive towards them, then there would literally be no books left in the libraries.
can make a change.
also, you must consider the near infinite amount of knowledge available on this tool.
many other people use it for these reasons too.
beside internet chating and computer games, many people use computers for school and at work.
first, you shouldn't be spending so much time on the computer.
what you look and keep the little kid with you in the house.
at my school, teachers and other faculty are always encouarging kids my age to read more often.
you can also email.
myspace and facebook are very similar.
books are learning.
if the general public does not like something, it will stop showing up.
also, it is the best time to study and play.
i wonder what it will be like?
i do not think that censorship is something that people should take lightly.
you can go on myspace thinks to tom talk to friend family people from a diffrent town, state.
the libraries have the right to get what ever books they want as long as there isn't anything really bad in them.
i used the computer to research who killed her and it said that a man killed her.
if something offends you, go have a talk with the libraian they woukd probably be happy to take it off the shelf.
i got to see my aunts, and cousins that i didn't see in years.
kids sholud have anywhere from min of exercise on average per day.
if the music offends you, don't listen to .
finally they spend time with their friends and family.
he then to the negatives of a computer.
while on the computer you could also learn new things.
dear local newspaper, i feel that computers are very beneficial to our society.
these are all valid reasons why some things should be removed from the public eye.
i believe gossip is one of the main reasons why most people buy magazines.
so if the government figures out what happened and they know how to straightin out the situation then they could send a message to the attackers.
's that simple.
of them are free too.
famous physician, , "" that dont see nature for its true beauty often can't grow up normally.
this lets a person who can not wright because of blindness or a disability speek to the computer what he or she wants to wright.
lastly the school will not have enough money for materials.
this proves that certain items, like books, movies, and music, should not be taken off the shelf.
i go on mspace to talk to my friends and to meet new people that's what i like about myspace i meet new people and make new friends.
but there could be negative ideas for people who think the opposite way.
how will be able to fend for themselves?
dear have effects on people and there lifes.
every month dozend of kids are kidnapped.
sometimes, you can even find articles from library books online.
million of information is found on the internet.
dear, local paper i do think that computers benefit society, because if a student needs to write a report europe their going to weell.
everyone has their own perspective on how they think and if staying on the computer all day is a good thing.
it can find you news, and it can help you communicate across the globe.
computer change not only the body, but mind.
computers hurt people in many ways.
more people make a website that allows us to easily keep up with our distant family.
if i like onlie you are not going to take the computers and say u searching mor in the computer.
if we start removing books and everyone removes one then we are going to be left with nothing to learn off of.
so, does the government have the right to say what we can and cannot read?
if people treat their bodies this way, they could end up with some type of condition.
authors are brilliant people.
it's a new age, let's adapt to it.
if it weren't for these search engines, children wouldn't be doing too great in school.
even way for them to communicate is via internet/computer.
my mother gave prizes to the winners.
i mean, who doesn't like to play games or shop, without having to go through the trouble of finding time to go out and do it?
next,, some family members go off to war.
like the examples in the passage above.
i moved closer to them so i could hear.
in conclusion, i think computers are a great tool for use in moderation.
now that i have told you about ups let me tell you about chating.
it all depends on how you look at it and what type of person you are.
lets face it without computers today we would not be able to function.
the report on might not get done because all the books were checked out, in fact we wouldn't have noble or any space program without computers.
that is just one example of how the humans mind can change.
furthermore, kids of all ages benefit from modern computers.
you can change the colors, font size, and font style on .
just because kids have knoledge at their finger tips doesn't mean the will use it.
but there is nothing stressed out and just playing some games for a while, personly i like to go on youtube and find funny vidos after school.
the average spends hours on the computer everyday.
these reasons are why i think computers are a big help in our society.
they shouldn't be sitting at a desk all day playing games on the computer.
computers help because if you mess up of what your trying to say then you could just erase what your trying to say.
i think it should be open but not just anyone.
if people stop making computers some people would stop going on bad wedsites.
younger people will stop coming because materials will be less interesting.
i love her more than my life.
i was typing like a pro.
man conquers by knowledge.
but i can understand the other side of the issue.
in 's they have banned it from schyools because of the use of the word 'nigger'.
we spend too much time indoors with technology, and we don't even care about the world around us.
you can become obese for reasons.
i feel like he just threw his life away just for some stupid line.
they all rotate round the sun.
if someone wants to read a story that has 'bad words' in it, so be it.
games, games are fun when you get bored or do not have nothing to do.
this makes travel to and from school much easier.
i recently interviewed she told me that, ""many people don't get to see what's on in the world because of computers.""
third, computers take us away from real-life.
what's this i hear about map it.com?
dont waste your time in a boring computer screen!
even if some people get offended.
we play different games in the playground.the laboratories are well-equipped.
although there are many new methods of communication nowadays, the post office is still very important.
he should take part in sports and games.
a new mother lost her kid last while eating lunch at a park.
at midday, we have a recess.
don't call me rude because it's true.
being on the computer helps with hand eye coordination, you can learn about amazing places, and even talk friends.
many history books contain harsh, real life facts about things that went on in the past.
help me help yourself avoid all of these bad effects caused from the computer.
call someone a fool, we compare him to a donkey is not so foolish as we think.
later on, his parents come home to see their son acting out of the ordinary.
i think that people exercising more, and spend time with family and friends.
most importantly, people who spend too much time on the computer don't see their family and friends.
this is because many jobs are using them everyday and it is very efficiant for them.
you never know what new technology could bring.
they act as an information highway and connect people together.
my hobby gives me a lot of exercises as well.
many family use computer to try to look for freind that they haven't seen in a long time or family that are far away.
how many times would china be in the newspaper?
if people don't agree with that then they don't understand that computers help children and adults with everyday things.
it can perminatly damage them.
it isn't the libraries job to tell people what to do.
a main concern about computers is that no one will want to read books and anything else.
dear local newspaper, more and more people are getting hooked on computers.
being social is one of the most important parts of life.
computers teach hand-eye coordination and allow people to learn information from all over the world.
another way that computer provide entertainment is they let us listen to music.
the computer does benifit our society.
when they need to pay a bill, they could just log in, pay it and move on.
computers are intresting peices of technology to work with at home or at work.
it appears when raindrops act as prisms.
many people go on vacation and what brought them here has when they sat and places.
sometimes we like rain but sometimes we do not like them.
now, computers do have the abillity to be educationally usefull, but do children use them that way?
it is a really irritating agent, which get people danger up.
's as the computer is letting you teach yourself.
and some diseses were helped cured by using computers.
a choice should remain a person's right; especially to read a book written to be read.
kids all over the world now know how to use computers because they don't want to be outside.
also you learn more stuff you don't know.
there taking away communication skills and is same uses creating cyber bullying.
i firmly believe that people are spending way too much time on the computer, without knowing how long has gone by!
insted of social networking sites you can actualy go and see the person or if they are far away you can call them or write them a letter.
i'm pretty sure that they have some sort of tutoring program, they even have college online!
well then, computers is your online fun source!!
one parent should not have the ability to take away others' privilages to books, because they deem it innapropriate.
where would a school store all their grades and tardys?
the music that makes you happy no matter the mood your in.
how would you feel you couldn't use a computer.
dear , computers are an amazing advantage to use in this modern day and age.
these changes quickly become a part of our communication and writing.
i can't even the hassle of coming home with thee assignment or writing two essays, only to have to write it by hand!
while you are looking at the screen your had is controling the "" mouse"" while the, mouse controls where you go on the worldwide web.
i found out that of kids and teens prefer online games to board games.
the others are either buying things or playing games.
not only children some birds also love to eat ripe mangoes.
i talk to my friend when i'm at home.
i found out that theres so many things to teech about just a click of a botton.
dear , opinion about computers is good.
these things have evolved over the years thanks to computers.
but we have to ask ourselves, where do we draw the line?
they have a very positive effect on you.
talking and interacting makes us have safe relationships with one another, but computers again are preventing this.
the computer helps the world.
is often a week where people read all of the books that have been from school libraries.
they not even know what the right or wrong thing to do is.
elephants live in herds.
three effects they have on people who use them usely are fantastic.
a normal person encounters several occasions a day where they hear profanities on the street from passing strangers or friends.
if you don't like what certain books or music say then go get something you do like.
in we practice freedom of speech.
content that is out in the public will always be unsafe to read by someone else's views.
of kids chose to go on the computer than to exercise.
if it isn't a written report, then there are many other programs for fancy presentations.
also my dad works at a computer store and he says that the computer people are overcharging by .
's still something, right?
now, have you ever thought were this heat goes.
* doing this i am able to maintain healthy strong realationships with othe.
what they don't realize is thay are helping the youths lives and making them easier and they could be doing the same for them.
computers in ones opinion about them is that they can benefit us in many ways we wouldn't think of being possible.
i used to think they didn't benefit to society but now i think they do.
what do i have first block?
bad people are afraid of him.
sexual preditors are everyware, , , , or even your neibors and wile kids are running around town looking and acting the way they do there extreamly un-safe.
that i went to camp and met all these new kids and found out that they all have facebooks.
when that happens, all you have to do is turn on the computer and you have endless choices at your fingertips.
it is not a right to have the device it is a privelage and parents are aloud to take away privelages.
computers helped people learn things besides racial ways in the past but also about there own culture.
the tecknologie keeps you away from having fun, doing homework from school and having fun with friends.
that is a sad story for that mohter.
do you agree that computers take over lives?
they think their is a cure for obese on the internet, but the truth is that the only cure their is by doing.
they don't know what their missing out on.
if people weren't on 's all day, people would pay attention to the way they're destroying nature.
i've always been raised in a home and seeing these things not only in schools, but on the bookshelves in libraries i believe is un-called for.
thirdly, computers are very enjoyable!
another problem is pop up's, pop up's can couse virouses, and when you computer gets a virous, leads to becoming very slow.
so you haven't seen or talked to someone in a while that you knew use the computer to have a chat.
he hardly ever exersices and spends hours on the computer each day.
children could be doing chores or just helping around the house a little, but they go on the computer instead.
on a computer you can also learn about historic and famous people.
i don't know about you but i think so.
another great application is note taking that can easily be typed.
there are amazing things, right in your own backyard, that you will probably never get to expeirience because you are too addicted to playing on the computer.
the variety of data bases and resources the increased communication and the skills computers allow you to portray and prove that they are essential for this generation.
by doing this, people's intellegence will increase because they will learn new facts about new places.
a computure can not provide fitness, real interactions with friends of family, or experience in the real world.
just because someone think a material is offensive does that mean we just ignore the subject, forgeting it altogether?
either homework wouldn't be done or everyone would have a major lack of sleep.
one of mom's they able you to talk to friends.
plus, you can get arthritis in your hands if you type to much.
i think people should do something els then use the computer.
dear, people in the world use coumputers, we all know what computers are used for like surching the internet, games, work and school.
they are sneeky and do things behind the parents back.
yes, i think they should be romoved from the shevles if they are found offensive to some or the majority of people.
so you can go on the computer and find a place that is closest to you that has the book.
i agree that computers deffinately are an advantage to our society.
these dificulties can all be solved by a typing program on the computer.
most people would say that, meeting people is good because you can have fun talking and getting to know people.
didn't see him at all.
the freedon of speech and the press was not ment to be tampered with.
people need discipline and theres a time and place for everything, including computers.
in doing this will connect to other ways of life.
can it get better?
who picks out the books, movies, magnazines, and tape recorders?
it can be to go to florida, or it can be a flight to .
dear newspaper, some people say that computers don't benefit society.
because they cant think of anything else to do with their lives.
also if we can make something like computers imagine all the other possibilities of technology advancements.
the librarie can take out the really offensive materials and replace them with others more suitable for all.
almost anything published or shown to the public went through a computer.
we use computers in life.
but creators of the computer are worried that people are spending to much time on the computer.
the computer has anything for anyone.
consequently; movies, books, music, and magazines with foul language does have an affect on our youth.
as you can see, entertainment is everywhere on the web.
sometimes it's not always up to them.
this prosperity has been possible using hard work.
this is very helpful because if you want to travel somewhere far away but you can't, you just go to your computer and look it up.
was having so much fun that he lost track of time.
i think we need stuff like that on earth to show and to teach us the way to be.
my parents aren't the only ones.
however, will be threw a computer site (world wide web).
so if you spend time writign neatly you might nit even be able to go outside and see nature.
if parents don't want their children to observe this stuff, then they should keep it off limits.
we should plant more and more trees.
i personally don't think that getting rid of materials because of others' complaints should occur.
the computer also offers video of pretty much anything on t.v.
what seem 'offensive' to one person not seem offensive to another.
let's say you are really stressed at work or school and you forget your book, you can usually bring up on the computer and do there.
they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and peapre, and even allow people to talk online with others.
another thing is, i am sure you have heard of a website called, study island.
everyone has their own choice on what they listion to or read it doesnt matter as long as that particular person likes that sort of thing.
this novel is about a world where all books are burnt.
he respects the rights of others.
however, with computers you could just type it in on a search engine and find what your looking for.
do you want to decide for yourself or have some one with you every step of the way.
the eletronic wonder improves are lives everyday.
i had slight headache.
friends dad recently just joined a brand new gym that opened up three days ago. ""
these are just some of the great effects computers have on people.
computers are also help young children to old adults learn new things.
all im saying is censorship is destroying america and hurting our progression in culture.
humans today are not spending as much time in nature and excirsising for a healthy body and a healthy planet.
did you want to be just like him/her?
all in all, computers just are a negative attribute in communities across the .
they will get addicted to the computer.
it can also give kid information like weather updates that help to keep then safe.
a teacher’s profession is a noble profession he is a nation builder.
but , books stores took the off of their shelves because a tiger and a pig could never be friends.
they are overweight, constantly suffering from fatigue, lonely, nature deprived and lazy.
it is a fact that people who own one or more computers in a household have better hand-eye coordination than people without computers!
when you are on a team and exercising you will learn life skills.
computers allow new means of communication.
we can talk on the mobile phone at a distance of thousands of kilometers.
example theres a show called dateline.
you shouldn't take one book out because one person thinks it is offensive.
when you could simply go online and look it up on the computer?
does not listen to his mom at all.
another example is communication.
also the fact that computers just keep upgrading as time goes by.
also they're good to socialize with at home or any other place.
to teach your childrens how to use a computer or let their children go on the internet to they can search kids stuff.
this is something we hear everyday.
using a computer you can learn about places arounf the world.
we can also learn about nature from our home.
oh well, all i can tell you is that your missing a lot.
computers have so much information that the news paper in the future will no longer be known.
i know one of my friends love to get on the computer and stay on it for a long period of time.
computers are not just the but also procesor and and everything like that.
it runs on battery and plays soft music when it moves.
anyone can watch any type of movie in my opinion.
the libraries should't removed offensive material because even though it might be offensive to some people other people still might want to learn about that topic.
obecety is already rising with the number of fast food places and computers are making it worce.
library's should be aware of what they are putting on the shelves and know if it is appropriate or not.
fairfield computers have a bad effect on people?
if you wanted learn about other places besides the one you live in you could find it on the computer.
its also good for the kids too.
thats why the computer is beneficial to society.
my friend was not happy.
they placed the offerings of sweets in front of the goddess.
"", ""are you a computer geek?"".
on the other hand, cars and trucks are the main contributors on the planet of pollution.
they don't take time to appreciate has beautiful the follage is in , or now it feels to be showered with snow on a chilly .
we have learned many great things from the internet.
stress is a common problem in all age groups, and a computer is the best way to releive .
most people would be offended and complain.
such as the word ""you"" would be spelled ""u"".
at one point in everyone's lives, you need to know about local or even foreign places.
you spend less time exercising, interacting with family and friend, and the impact that computers can do to lives in the future.
when my cousing was in highschool, she was assigned a word essay for homework.
other been raped or melested by these strangers.
so you see, without technology we would not be able to learn everything we'd like to, research for, say on for language arts class.
everyone writes up documents and needs to send them, open them up again, and edit them.
if we do not have technology then we can not call no one.
is a lot of question if the book should be read in schools or not because of the 'n-word'.
people should be able to live free and feel proud of who they are.
primarily, computers are used for typing, editing and presenting as stated before, local newpaper are required to use computers to present their work.
another thing is, you can research countries, towns, and cities with google instead of having to go out and get books.
go on a walk or a bike ride or walk your dog while riding a bike!
reserve rooms, even reserve tables at resturants in different countries by just a few clicks.
i know many people who don't write neat, how will any one read it?
studying shaw and hardy gives us an insight in human nature.
a policeman also controls crowds.
a book should not be discriminated by what the contets have source of a reader.
the three reson is that people could do exercising trough computer.
this leads me to say that authors write books for an audience and write the book as best they can to atrract the attention of the audience.
even schools took education to the web, with all books from a class avalible at home online.
when one person doesn't like something it doesn't mean it should be taken out or erased from history, it should just be rewritten or refilmed.
the people who are censoring things like t.v.
finally when people use the computer they don't realize the lack exersise there getting.
i believe that libraries should have an age limit for checking out certen books.
after lunch, i take a nap and then finish my homework.
do you want to live in a world where almost everyone uses their computers , i don't.
i like her appearance very much.
well before long, one became two, two became four, and it just kept going up.
but with that in mind, is the computer truly a harmful or helpful device?
now lets go into the wonder world of technology.
now thats just for kids that are under the age of thirteen.
even so, it is still on the list of suggested college level reads for classes.
movies would be boring, stories would be interesting, and there would be no music.
dear , i agree that computers do have a positive effect on people.
next, computers are positve because you can talk to your friends and family.
as i mentioned, people who use computers too much are getting less exercise.
it helps people learn new things about different cultures.
most people do not know this but being on the computer too long puts strain on your eyes which is bad.
computers can be very useful and efficient to anybody.
in conclusion, you need to get a computer!!
lastly, humans' health is being affected drastically by the use or computers.
to get the recommended dose of a day you only need to absorb minutes of sunlight a day.
computers also help people express there creativity by here a program that aloose you to draw or biuld.
should other young girls be denied the chance to read this life-changing series, simply because someone might find it offensive?
i reached jaipur one hour late.
you can just simply go to your computer and type in ""language of "", and listen what it tells you of !
everybody all over the world knows that the favorite food of the cat is the rat.
each day new discoverys are made from the people that use computers in our society, however many people say that computers are harmful to are communtiy.
have you ever heard of a email?
books, movies or music about bullying should be taken out of.
dear 's at the , to , ""computers have helped me further research.
how would you get that information without spending a ton on airfare or gas?
for example, chat rooms can reach up to hundreds of people.
, technology has developed majorly these past decades.
now a days the media is portarying that money, alcohal, fame, and drugs are good things.
thats she kind of thing that happens everday people reconnect, this not only happens on facebook, not all over the internet!
they have wanted to play the computer then but they don't know if thats could have been there last day with him or her.
we also have a pair of lungs which help us to breathe.
fortunately, there was no loss of life.
i have cousins who live in and because of the hour time difference, its not always easy to talk on the phone so we use the computer.
we need and because of the realize ever a screen.
on average, about of kid in the .s use a computer every day.
students, are also able to make choices on what's appropriate for them to read.
i do i strongly belive computers help society and are being used for very good purposes.
some times computerscan be a negative effects on people but it also teach people how to read, write, type, learn and other.
with a computer you can even get your house hold groceries online.
they live on the other side of the state, country, even world!
lastly computers is helping us giving very specific directions, rather than figuring out a map.
has made life quicker, eco friendly and even has saved trees.
we must take a stand and alter statistics for the better.
i said their family because they could miss out on a lot of things.
there are so many movies now that have inappropriate scenes: bad language, scary scenes, etc.
ot of people enjoying nature you a chance to express your thought.
every single book, magazine,movie and music needs to be left alone.
books are there for their own purpose, and thats another reason why authors put them out there for the public to think what they want of it.
the most well know, is the computer.
whether we like it or not, computers will be necessary to solve issues of the future.
with computers you are able to plan your life with output.
although some it has a wonderful computers have established incredible ways of communication.
tests show that the less time spent on computers the more time spent exersizing.
please read the following reasons.
seperate rooms, limits, and my views are all good ideas.
most people don't have a life outside their computer room.
enjoying nature is important to every man or women's scegule.
most magazines have inappropiate articles that they should not be reading or even looking at.
my hobby is gardening.
this is a good thing because then no one will get and everyone will be happy.
this does not benefit the socierty.
when you are on your walk you find interesting new species.
now the students freedom to choose what they want to read is gone, and all that remains is books choosen worthy by other people.
my favorite sport is basketball.
censorship is normally a bad thing, but in others it could help.
within seconds of hearing the tragic news i was able to search the topic and get an endless uphoria of information regarding his death.
you can even go to school online, but as i was saying you can learn about anything.
if someone is going through a really hard time and they read a book about suicide, they are more likely to think about killing themself.
when it comes to traveling computers are a hesasity.
computers don't have a positive effect sometime, but it doesn't have a negitive effect sometime either.
generally once a year.
i just think that it is to much of a opionated process.
finally, its addicting some people could good hours and hours on the computer looking up all these videos.
but for important about a home work and some people at theirs.
i really hope you will consider writing this article.
for instance if people are on a lot of the time is research.
i remember when my friend moved to .
i understand that the parents want their children to be supervised, but removing the books, movies and songs is not exactly the answer.
reading these books makes me realize that i don't want to ever put myself through the things does to herself, and her family.
with a supervison, children can still learn about topics but are not simply thrown into the obscene areas of it.
once you have mastered the computer it feels like you can do almost anything on it.
if this censorhip was to be allowed, who is to say what all could be censored?
the books and magazines i tried checking out were either thrown out, or i wasn't able to check them out.'
taking the extra minutes to use a textbook won't kill anyone.
i would strongly advise you consider my proposal, because it has the potential to prevent future confrontations between authors and the public.
people should get off their butts and go.
my next reason, however is even greater.
of people who go on the frequently, have been horrible at catching a baseball before going on the , and after have caught every time.""
it is eat to talk to other people forums, chats websites and email.
finally, i'll talk about the advances in technology due to the computer.
in conclusion, computers have a far more positive influence on users than negatives.
you also can go on google yahoo, facebook, twitter the computer and internet is really fun and it give you a little exercise.
sometimes we fear failure.
and in the present day world work is the only way to success.
a computer also helps me through my daily life.
you have to be their and explore it by yourself.
we need to find a balance.
computers are helpful when it comes to places!
it takes away freedoms and oppertunities for children.
the computer is very helpful because it keeps your family and friends together and happy.
no, shouldn't.
they to not be bored.
people can research, learn about any topic or subject and let people talk to friends online i think that computers have a good effect on people.
some expert people concern that people are to mouch time in computer instead of exercising.
that be way many are over weight.
books need to be censored in school libraries because some children be too immature to handle the subject matter within the book's pages.
they were accorded a warm welcome.
people choose how community they exercise, on the computers.
it ruins the oppurtonity for people to read books they might find good and interesting to them.
he said to me in no uncertain terms, “young one, never be sloppiesh.
it is the most important festival for muslim people all over the world.
if, they can and more of information on the computer from .com, then they could find in their local library.
in fact, the percentage of people that have computer is much greeter than the percentage of people that do not only you exercising for yourself.
so, with this way i would really like if there was a scale, or organization of books.
i believe libraries should have all types of books, music, movies, and magazines.
there are tons of books in the library that people find offensive to young readers today.
well now with the computers you don't have to.
they learn how to exercise.
you can buy many things on the internet the clothes on food.
it's great until a rather, inappropriate ,shall we say, scene comes on.
the libraries is a public place that everyone has the right to go and borrow stuff from.
thank you and have a great day.
my father owns company and works from home most days.
when negatively effecting all of these areas the consequences are much more influential then the benefits.
children are being influenced by things that they see, read and/or listen to.
it is a fact that of kids that have some kind of personal ocmputer at home get a's in their computer class.
computers build up your skills for everything.
maybe kids of all ages should have identification.
it helps my dad know when pappers and whos asking on what.
i deffidently think that computers are making your job and everyone elses lifes easier.
who knows what you can do if you step out of the box and into the buitful part of nature. ""
they take the playground.
we should plant more trees to keep the air fresh.
some people belive people spend to much time on computers.
these things can keep people healthy, active and in tiptop shape.
with all the entertainment a computer can produce; who could hate it?
dear , minute man, people are complaining.
although parents care about the things their children read, books should not be banned.
the internet can quickly and directly answer your questions.
another reason is many people also use "" "" or publisher.
i treat people the way i want to be treated and that should go for everyone.
the post office also distributes mail.
he reaches school before us to clean and arrange our classrooms.
if you dont enjoy nature you dont know what is going on.nature is all around us and why would you miss out on.
dear local newspaper, people spend to much time on the computer.
you can even hear him munching the junkfood.""
third reason is ahopping if a holiday is coming up you could check online and find stuff for cheap and nice to you.
on the computer there are videos that show us new yoga move and other ways to lose those extra pounds you gained over the days.
even though computers keep people in contact and keep them updated in their lives, that is the only important reason for a computer.
studies done by , doctor at stated that of people who are on the computer typing have better hand eye coordination than those who do not.
they can give us wonderful facts and news that would otherwise be hard to obtain.
on don't know about you but alot of people are addicted to their computers.
but very few people are punctual.
video chatting, , and using social sites are very good ways to interact with people.
computers are very important to society.
my next reason i think a computer is positive toward people is that people can comuicate online.
lastly, worry about your family, grades, and health than some useless game.
i love webcamming with my friends because you can see and hear them as if they were in the same exact you.
my first reason is, computers can be used for research.
they see inperson, people will forget their manners because they are not used online.
if kids excercize instead of being on a computer all day, the number of obese kids will drop drastically.
his acquiring of knowledge by probing makes him supreme.
i frequently use this program to talk to my sister at college.
the human population's greatest gift is their ability to be different.
he is m.a.
a recent poll was talking at the planet fitness in newington and it showed that of the exercising people discovered planet fitness by the internet.
the friend who recommended the movie, or the library for having this movie on the shelves and letting the young kid check it out?
but for you close family, you could be missing out on their lives and how they are doing.
do you are one?
public libraries and other public resourcess should be controled and monitored about what they allow into their doors.
intelligent people would agree that being on the computer is very helpful to you.
let it be benificial, use it when you it.
this angers many especially when one ponders how much slavery as well as the affected and shaped us into who we are today.
the trees attract rain bearing clouds and prevent soil erosion and conserve the earth.
this helped me because i talk to one of my friends in and just recently sent an e-mail to my aunt.
like for example i would go and instead of me learning new i am bieng and learning new information.
they not want to but they would have to look in books and do some heavey thinking before they can find the cures.
one get frustrated doing all work., that is done by her.
the world will be less intellegent and we start to forget and lose our past.
which brings me to tm my next topics chatting on the computer!
youve heard the facts now make the right decision.
dell, , and so many other computer companies sell computers at ridiculously expensive prices.
by taking their books off the shelves, you'd be offending them.
they also go to various island in the sea and engage themselves in many adventures.
not only that but when there is a computer around kids aren't going to be exercising.
katherine paterson once said, 'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.
how else am i supposed to keep intact with my loved ones?
without computers life would be ten times harder for people in this world.
you need to refer to something in your document and can't read it, that's a problem.
well in a magesen it said that "" you sit in front of a for to long it will parshel blind you.
also, computers don't always have approprate sites.
dear local newspaper, i disagree with the affects that computers have on kids.
i had to argue and prove a point in why i should have , on my .
like the beloved series by , many books and series are being taken out of libraries' collections due to people in society finding them offensive.
you can talk to people on or email each other and have a conversation with them.
some ""experts"" are warned that people should spend too much time on their computers.
computers teach hand-eye coordination, help kids learn inside and outside of school, and connect the world socially.
example if you are bored you can get on computer, & search a game you enjoy.
so if you're a person who wants an offensive book, then it takes a of looking, not just a quick little scan.
i hope you have enjoyed reading this and hope to see you on my side toward this topic.
everyone is titled to their own opinions.
i hate to go look at nature.
each of these are used to plan, sell, present, manage, and write about products.
the library is a pathway to knowledge, which branches to many different cultural roads.
also alot of book refer to drug and sex now a days and absolutly hate it!
do we have the right to take books?
typing without looking at the keyboard is hand-eye coordination.
it is always enjoyable to me.
i go in my room turn the computer on and there i go to google and look up what i need to know.
for example, i'm a good student, i behave well outside of school, i have good friends, and i get along with my family.
america is over weight already to join the people on computers most just long to become over weight.
he got harrased and his children got harrased but he still fought with all he had to save his deffendant.
, out people are obese.
i love the thrill you get from a horror movie and how they can make you jump even though it's just a movie screen.
if a parent doesn't want a younger child to read about a certain topic, then they should keep them away from that material.
the computer makes work and studying fast and simple.
it helps you to be able to look at the music and have your fingers know where to play.
you're also not exerciceing and helping your body out.
people spend to much time on them & less time excirsing, enjoying nature & most of all, it's highly dangerous.
as i said before computers are very useful for the advances of hand-eye coordination.
i'm sure many people not agree with my report but, it's something to look and think about.
michines have a mind that it our and anything it.
to look up pictures for projects, labs basiclly for anything.
so with her computer she can go to her favorite stores website and pick the clothes she wants.
lastly it can help us gather information for homework and projects.
in the times , a statistic shows that of students in the find computers there best studying tool.
finally, people are slowly being their ability to communicate with family and friends.
it easily allows people to stay educated, updated, and connected.
at night he sleeps in the stable with other horses.
the others we can not eliminate we can continue to keep on the shelves and other places, but just kept where children don't go.
and last children should be playing outside.
computers have only become faster and.
because they educate people with their jobs, and give people a chance to talk to people having to pay for anything.
wouldnt you want all of this all the time?
now if they cant then thats not the libraries fault.
reading these things also amusses them.
so if i hafe to choose a side on wether the computer is helpful or not i would hafe to go with not.
and i hope you agree with me for my three reasons you can gain weight, eye problem and how are you going to pay your bill?
too much time on computer.
i think it should be that way about every thing.
e-mail is like a letter, but put electronically.
these books need to be away so kids won't read offensive things or trying to them.
sometimes kids don't get their quizzes back for two weeks after they took them!
all libraries are broken down in sections.
everyone has opinions, what would be left without books?
meant that if know about people and places different than use, do not have to be afraid of anything.
dear , having everything known to man at your fingertips.
a study has shown that of shy kids have increased the talkative skills in school.
theres a website called .com and it has shooting and killing games that are not for kids.
i disagree with when she said that some books, magazines, movies, etc.
is even fun stuff todo on the computer.
computers have a very good effect on people.
in fact of america do uses it, that might seem like a small percent but thats more than half the country.
so you can and you will get a good grade.
i understand a lot of things in this world is about money and people make money by selling things to others.
you just can use the internet for just about anything.
my second reason why i think this is because naybe you never met that family member and you want to get to know them.
there is also skype.
some people find certain books distrubing and inapporiate, that the book shouldnt be allowed to be on the shelves of libraries.
do you ever forget what your homework was or what time does something start and end?
for example, year old used to go to the gym everyday before she got her own computer.
some books offten offend certain groups or races of people, but the book gets it uniqueness from what it says.
like having a project that you need to get notes for or making a power poin presentation.
you just gota get it clear to your child to not look at this stuff till your older.
but remember my reasons why not to spend too much time.
, with a computer.
you can explore nature on the computer.
another free way to talk to people.
also be careful what chu .
no matter what there will probably always be a way for younger children to be exposed to these materials.
‘a healthy body carries a healthy mind’ is an old saying.
this helps people who can't afford lessons, and learning an instrument can help you acheive things later in life.
computers interfer with your connection to family members and friends.
music that sends negative messages and contains a lot of cursing in the lyrics should be censored, in my opinion.
does it benifit you and the around you?
you have to type them too.
email messages send instantly to anywhere.
all these reasons will lead to the below.
nature helps save the brain.
and if she finds it not approprite then she has the right to take it off the shelf.
my second reason compute give people ability to learn about faraway places and people.
online there is much more which often break up friendship.
every person has a different outlook on what makes a story interesting.
no child should be reading a book that has an intended audience of purely adults.
you can spread your imagination with the games you can play.
rascism, sex, cussing, rules, religion, but you need to eliminate the main things.
, are technology is advancing greately and more inventions are coming out; but aren't you worried that people spent to much time on the technology?
i knew this who played video games from about foot away for long period of time a day.
when you're older you'll have to be writing.
communication is needed for many things to make our world better for generations to came.
the library is somewhere you can go to get information on just about anything you want.
like i said before computers are esstential to our present day lives reading this, i bet you'll agree.
they help you jobs that you might be intrested in.
that is why there should be censorship of certain materials, to a certain degree.
if is messy.
some people don't like taking turn with one another.
kids should be outdoors playing sports and getting fresh air.
my aunty loves to send and get pictures from them to see how much they've changed since the last time we saw them.
i think if there was more of it, i think there would be less crime.
then i learned to not abuse the computer, not waste my time on it.
dr. has done extensive research and has proven that computers are bad for you.
when you fight with people you want to gey away from it so you go back to the computer.
did you know the average american spends atleast # each month on cellphones?
there is a guarantee of you will find it on your computer.
in everyday life , teens on their cell phones , their computers listening to , music .
in conclusion even though there are good effects of computers on people, there are also many bad effects which can cause serious problems.
moreover, computers can keep you updated on whats happening around the world!
so i along with some of my friends went to the okhla lake.
all together it should be ok to remove an offensive book from a shelf but only if the book is offencive to the wrong audience.
if you wanted to help out a country that just had an earthquake or hurricane you could look up what you could do to help that country.
on the other hand, a poor man with good health can enjoy his life.
for the most part, it is good.
they are so independent they do when they go home from school is eat and play on the computer.
as long as the computers are plugged, they emit invisible wares of electromagnetic radiation.
some books have words that are very offencive to people because of their skin color, relgion, or ethnic race.
dear , you think computer's are good to use?
i believe agreeing with you be a very good choice.
would be easier to type out and then send to them over the e-mail. ""
they can cause an addiction, and create numerous distractions.
there are many other reason why computers have a positive effects of people.
that takes away a lot of literature for the people that like that material.
i don't know about you, , but i am constantly looking up different exersizes to get a flat stomach.
maybe you could even make next about how resourceful, beneficial and social computers are!
we live in , which since founded has been all about freedom.
people should not take it seriously about books or other source because it can be nonfiction are fiction.
the parents might tell their child to start the car for them and the music will be playing away.
this statment is not right.
trust me, it can be a gradesaver.
and i am right!!
it's as easy as that.
with books in a library with pictures of men and women questions like that do get asked to young.
just like music and television, the final choice in the purchase is all dependent on the parents.
i remember when i read about warming on the computer.
aside from interacting with other humans and researching and typing the computer holds many more wonders.
was happy with his decision as well.
its a great way to get fit, rather than typing and clicking away at your .
the effects that i have on computers are good.
in all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more.
they are using abrevations for words and phrases, such as ""idk"" for ""i dont know"".
they have helped education, reconnecting, and are even at times good for the environment.
they share them with their neighbours.
online chatting help people stay in-touch with someone they might not see everyday.
their are different kinds of people that like to read different kinds of things.
also people using computers are spending less time with family and friends.
you read, listin, or watch something that is not to there age level, but the child wants to be just like you.
we can also lirn things about our world today by using the computer.
they let us look things up by easier means than a person or book.
so that is it they are good because u can learn of places, hand-eye coordination, and talk to new and old freinds.
from those types of games it prepared her for kindergarden.
first, we can talk to people in different countries.
think about it, how often can you listen to a song on the radio that all of the original words are still intact?
without computers, i would have known none of this.
surely, you should agree that computers are great.
the contents of the books in libraries vary in many way.
learning about faraway place like , and so on is very intersting.
so i think everybody should be off computers.
he grows paddy to give rice to the people.
another experience i've saw was with little cousin .
this means you could play alone, with a friend, or the whole family.
it often makes people stand up for what they believe.
some parts of the world do not get very cold, mostly because of the influence of the sea.
finnally another method of exersizing is to play a part in your local community service projects.
if you don't like the book or you find it offensive go choose another book.
computers can and make you.
libraries should allow every book in their collection because every book has some sort of value.
teenagers could be playing outdoors, but find themselves too busy on their computors to enjoy the fresh air.
not everyone in your is always around you and when someone is faraway a computer is the way to connect.
i believe that in a couple years there will be liss stores on the streets and most will be online because it is much cheaper for the companies.
leisure is an important need in our lives.
we even have the capability to talk with friends on facebook and twitter.
but very few play badminton.
would you rather take a walkin the park, or stare at a computer screen for and a half hours?
i personally love books about drugs, sex, and many other inappropriate things.
nextly, i'm sure you've all heard of online predators.
help people communicate about anything such as homework to other personal topics.
so should the libraries but every thing the people like read it..
dear newspaper, computers have a huge effect on society, can you even imagine where we would be without them?
if you want to chat, then you can use or instant messaging.
there should be certain limits though.
a few agreed, others left.
you have a computer, you can learn new things about places you never knew existed.
i would also say knowing some things are good, but be careful of knowing too much.
when a child goes to college they will still be able to email their famlies and talk to them.
my last reason is that more people need to interact with their friends and family.
these are the reason i think computers have a bad effect on people.
ancient indian medicines prescribe cosmic colours to bring equilibrium in human cells.
don't you see that we have musical artist in the world that depend on music?
""i can talk with cousin in ,"" says .
and if you want to spent time with your family, you can even look your computer up to a tv and watch a free movie with the family!
i walked into my living room one night and saw my mom on the computer.
books that are bad should be taken off the shelf.
secondly learning you can learn a lot on a computer all you have to do is look for it.
take action now, or your child will definately suffer.
they spend less time outdoors, excersising, and enjoying nature!
thanks to computers scientist have found cures for desesse, jobs have become easier .
just because some people think it's offensive doesnt't mean all people think it's offensive.
if you make a mistake one second decreases off of your time.
these are the reasons why i think using computers is a good thing.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers effect people in a positive way.
while computers are helpful in our lives too much of one thing is never a good thing.
the bad effects are very serious and dangerous.
without this technology where would we be?
but some people don't think that is the right thing to go.
dear , don't you think that nature is better than spending way too much time in the computer?
most importantly, the use computers is influenced in schools.
world is full of offensive and rather disturbing books.
these people could live just down the block or half-way accrose the world.
if people are to scared to talk about the bad things in life.
when doing this they are typically .
they have the same right to have those books, movies, and magazines on the shelves as you do!
another reason why computers have a good affect on people is because they are very educational.
this is an easy way to communicate with someone who lives half way around the world well.
the computer is a very beneficail when ti comes to education.
it used to be about jobs, but now it's about who you meet on a computer.
as you can see, it would help kids with whatever they are studying.
i feel if there are books ,movies,or music that are saying or showing a form of insluts then it depends on who is being offended.
lastly, do ""you time.
in libraries, there should not be censorship on materials considering that it's an individual's decision to read what they prefer.
on line product renews have bcome very popular becasue you can hear other people opinion about the product.
one of the effects of computers on people is no exersise.
my mom sometimes orders from .c so she doesn't have to go there.
opinions can cause a lot of problems.
looks be decieving.
all beings and plants need water for living.
so you could say your happy with your weight but no one ever said it was healthy.
anyone who isn't or older not enter a movie rated '' unless accompanied by someone or older.
it's now or never do you agree that computers have positive effects on people?
it also depends on the way they take it in their signifaction.
but there is so man things that you can do online and on computers.
second, you can spend a lot more time with your family.
using a computer dosn't need any paper.
the books that are contraversial right now have great messages, and should not be taken off the shelves because everyone should read them.
she would play solitore and instant message her friends all the time and she then completely disconnected with the family.
we need computers for communication and to learn things that need to learn.
the last reason that computers have a huge effect on people is because of cyberbullying.
find and create ways to making money or interesting positive out comes out of using person in this world goes in and thru out tech equip.
lastly, there is more to do on computers than doing work and communicating with friends and family.
instead they are sitting chair starring at a computer screen.
we can talk to people weve never ever met before.
a book seen as entertainment and down-time reading to one person be the very thing that strikes a world changing idea in the mind of another.
that book might of also been in there family for a really long time and they want everyone in there family to enjoy that book.
if this problem is not addressed millions of americans will be overweight, is a very serious and dangerous topic.
suddenly we heard a cry for help.
some teens would be horrified of looking through these books and others would be fascinated by it.
so, on to the last thing that i am going to talk about.
i go against the reason of magazines to be on the shelf because its alot of gossip.
in conclusion i think computers are good things.
we have neighbors of all kinds.
i even use them to get better at math for the '!
also on the way libraries should handle this matter by pre-sensoring the books on the shelves.
they teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places and they give people the chance to recconnect or new people.
now people have color televisions.
my mom says computers are one the most hardiest tools in the world.
the computer positively contributes to our education, economy, and entertainment.
he sold me to an air-force officer.
we are told as kids that being unique and diffrent is a good thing.
if there was computers and someof your family moved to a diffrent.
this is because we would get less exercise, less time to enjoy nature, and interacting with family and friends.
to continue with, computers help families by bringing them closer in a way.
so, ya computers do have a possitive effect.
now, scientists from the foundation have found they staring at the screen kills brain cells.
your probably asking yourself, how in the world can this be a 'better solution'?
in sure it's ok to go on the computer you look up other health stuff to do.
online people can communicate with others.
i can almost guarentee that most individuals have lived through worse experiences than what are being covered up.
if your always stareing at a computer screen all the time you can go blind.
they help with you eye cordination.
kids are fold to type their papers, which lets them finish faster.
at the everyhting it's your computers a useful do pros not the
i've been shown an open door to find out everything i could want.
all he did was use that blasted electrical error call a computer.
the is that people should agree.
i feel they will eventually let curiousity get the better of them.
it is a beautiful sight that everyone needs to expirence.
dear , i feel as though computers have good effects on people.
it takes forty years for a tree to grow, and seconds to cut one down.
the computer also helps you to learn.
i agree, friend says. ""
there are many ways you can keep in touch over computers.
now you can esily do so with video chat.
unless it is about saying no to drugs and not using them, children should not read them at all.
so people that use computers are spending less time with their family and friends which can cause them to become depressed and lonely.
the line is that computers are very helpful.
people are also in busy with there computers that they spend less and less time enjoying nature.
everyone can go for that goal!
we need to filter out the bad and put new in for our younger kids.
think about it, you might on hte computer that, but it helps.
it’s difficult to find a house without a cat.
we need to reach a messgae to those people.
dear , after reading your article about advances in technology, i would like to offer my opinion about this contraversal subject.
when they were done the girl tried to walk home, and she was never seen again.
just because people read about it doesne't mean all of them are going to agree with it.
these are my reasons i think computers are important and positive to people.
i do not have to be on computer websites like and here is why.
they are very helpful when it comes to homework, you can talk to people online and you can make plans/ without even leaving your house.
he would do this day after day.
in my opinion i don't think books, music, movies, or magazines should be removed from shelves if they are found offensive too some people.
i believe that people have the right to read, listen, or watch what ever they want.
no one wants to be a lonely joke!
the question is, do computers have a negative or positive effect on people.
they should be aware of the material that the children are looking at
in some cases, cuss words are good for a story.
you probably used to do what little research you did them.
some people even believe these things should be taken off the shelves.
i would not like to turn on the television and see these things everywhere, but it could educate people on what and what not to do.
now, let me tell you why computers are good for communication.
but when noone stops them from checking the books out there really is not anything you can do about it.
for example email and is a way to communicate.
i also read the book, 'to a ', which is censored in some states because its hurtful to some people.
he lives in the school.
it's a lot, right?
amazing ly enough, of parents polled admitted that their children spend at least hours on the computer everyday.
i think all of these things are offensive.
many ot these people spend their time on online games and socializing websites such as facebook and myspace.
i could not do my events for science so i got a on it.
i have cousin in and i talk to him through webcam are more people then who talk to relatives elsewhere actually almost soldier talks to someone back home.
instead on some chips while typing.
secondly the internet is very easier then books.
it would be rather nice to develop courage to lead a simple life and determine to do good work.
in spite of being rich, he is not arrogant.
there are alot of jobs that require computers.
in conclusion, when ever you nedd a book good or check out your section, make the book is appropriate for you and feed you mind with knowledge.
also children should be able to pick up a book, and not feel offened by it.
if computers are important to them, the could they be destructive to society?
likewise to help our reflexes, computers with the would help people that are distance apart could connect.
such easy ways of communication motivate people to speak to family and friends and stay in touch.
people stop losing their focus on important, and start paying attention on other things like the, was a great person.
even a simple one hour walk with your dog is better than lazily browsing the web.
more kids or people would be salfy.
how she got fired, how she don't pay her bill, and how she moving into a. sometimes websites make lose focus on important thing in life.
sports are something that everyone loves to participate in and something that everyone likes.
of onley see friends and family on holidays.
most adults do not have a problem with the items in thier section.
in my opinion, i believe this is highly realted to computer usage.
so take extra percaution when seeing sexual harrasment.
the computer is good for learning but you should also go out and got some fresh air.
outside of school there is so much more to learn.
games such as these help in real-life situations.
this reminds me of when recently i had a report to do on and all needed was my computer.
you could be on the comptuer for a little while but not on it .
if you're working on a project and you needed some last minute information, you could just go to the computer and search you're topic.
the most important is the computer.
a bagger is not a responsible man.
the posibilities are endless u can even play games.
now that first opinion is without the computer we couldn't research important people and events.
moderate censorship is acceptable for the young, but there is a line, even though it is hard to find sometimes.
often i get projects where it calls for me to do research on a specific topic and it is very easy to look up simple information.
you can't wear your emotions on your shoulders but you can stand up for your rights and tell people what you believe.
the rain is useful for crops and trees.
they enrich our minds.
well i have a solution to your problem.
you can look up ""yoga"" poses.
if people find it offending they should stay away from those certain types books or movies.
they should only have books they want to have.
and how coud you forget 'google' the most famous online system, that everyone loves you can do just about anything with that page.
school work is a very important thing in teenagers lives, and i feel that when they are in school they should stay focused on schoolwork and activities.
we should be responsible enough to pick out the material for ourselves.
especially kids should be outside playing and exercising.
another reason why computers are educational is because you can use them to read.
and it's not always a year old saying they are , it could be a year old saying they're !
in said novel society has outlawed all books.
firstly, those who are always on the computer need to exercise more, they need to exercise to stay healthy and strong.
people in the designing industry don't use paper and pencil anymore, because they use designing softwares to work.
this is especially good for me because not too long ago, one of my best friends moved away to .
every childern who goes to school has homework since kindergarten to when they end school.
we should always think carefully before acting.
instead of talking to a freind on the computer go to the park and talk or invite them over to you house.
well, the question still lingere, are computers benificial to our society?
friends actually affect you health.
along with more computers and users comes increasing dangers and threats.
for the reason that it's their choice to do what ever they would like and that it has no affect on me at all.
whether it's , , , or .
you can research just about anything on everything, because the computer will have it.
it took him about an hour he typed papers.
should be removed from shelves.
they help function machines.
libraries can't always suit everyone's tastes and something you find offensive isn't to others.
do you believe that censorship in libraries is a good idea?
of people by the computer people spend and friends.
and if it wasn't for the computer i wouldn't know nothing about the .
when people use computers they burning fuel which harms our environment.
so do yourself a favor get off the computer, and go visit some really great people.
children should be protected from such material, and book banning provides this service.
they do not stop playing it because someone having different feelings about the movie.
it isn't fair to us or the writter.
because libraries are public, they are open to all eyes so we must be careful about what we allow on their shelves.
the society today wouldn't be the same without computers.
another new thing is oovoo or skype, which allows you to talk to someone with webcam.
but you see, this doesn't mean its bad.
dear local newspaper, i just heard that people are spending too much time on computers than with their families and friends.
with a phone you can only chat with each other, but a computer has a webcam.
they have to tie white ribbon also.
it's the right thing to do.
thank's again.
of doctors say that you don't get up from the computer desk you will become obese!
there could be many ratings , , , and .
all their computers can be realy helpful they can also be bad for your health and family.
also for email purposes and to get important news around to everyone applicable to it.
i would have had to wait another month to find out my other cousin was engaged if i didn't follow her on .
everyone has the right to have an opinon and share it, but it is important to keep the feelings of others in mind as well.
in my opinion all people will always use the computer because it is the way of life now a days.
what if you don't have a library near you?
you go and have many more friends, which makes life in general much better.
i know this because my librarian told me this one day.
people listen to music all the time.
rather than going into the real world and experiencing life for themselves, they look it up online and rely on other people's opinions.
also, computers come with built in programs that can help keep track of you expenses.
i am a year old boy who when he read this book knowing who had a heart and who didnt made me cry my eyes out.
computers also have different .
dear newspaper , you think that computers have a positive or negative affect on people's lives?
you do not need to get rid of them because somebody else want to check them out
in conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on other people.
many people like to use educational computer games to prepare their elementary - schoolers for school.
all of a sudden the world and its people have become dependent on information that computers provide.
it wouldn't be right if people or movies or things had to change just because other people dont like it.
you can slide in a and watch a movie or play a game or even research something new and learn about it.
people should be outside jogging or working out and enjoying nature.
you save it, and then close down the computer because you have to go eat dinnder.
similarly, the proverb is applicable in all other spheres of life.
if there are people that want to see that kind of stuff there are other ways of getting that material.
people have become addicted to computers.
libraries should not be censored.
so why not sell it or rent it out.
if that happened there would be a very limited supply of books.
finally, computers ofter many opportunities like education and jobs.
watch or not on a .
there isn't alot to it.
but it addicting to so have fun.
then you might be getting all the you need because your on the computer you might not go to to get the and veggies.
my first reason is they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
it dont mather the spend a lot of time in the computer being people could be doing a lot of thing in the computer.
computers teach kids hand eye coordination, which can come in handy when playing sports.
computers are a good benefit to society they you to talk to people give different for you the the latest updates.
if books are being taken of shelves based on a few people opinions then their rights are being infringed upon by the people who deemed it inappropriate.
the computer can be really helpful and useful.
they have games that range from the word, to beauty barn.
having the right to know about your countries history or what is going on in your current government is critical in shools and colleges.
i believe that computers have more of a benefit than they do a draw back.
or your family can be having a movie night and your on the computer while they leave.
, studies have been conducted over the past few years, and they show that people of all ages spend of their free time on the computers.
she talks to alot of her friends that she left in .
while your on the computer wasting time there is another homeless child wandering maybe looking for their family.
well we can do something about that.
turns out theres a website that gives a recipe for a stir fry and you follow a do make the best one even.
maybe there's a waiting list to enter.
computers are fast and easy, everyone can use them.
i told my mother that i do not remember anything.
from to the numbers of obese people increased from of citizens to .
if so then get up and go have fun!
so, i had planned in detail how i would revise both subjects that day.
with out these computers then we willl still be cluless on a lot of things.
from past exsperian with censorship i found out it can towne down a book.
there are also tailors sitting cross – legend
she uses her cell phone to set an alarm.
if everybody keeps this habit of staying on your computers all day and not going outside, we might turn into a world of couch potatos!
if there is a .v.
computers have an effect on people but in a negative way.
dear , i believe that using computers has a benefit to the community.
it would have been longer if his parents had not been so proud of his decision in the end.
people would just stay home to read what they like on the internet and librarys would become empty like there shelfs.
i belive this because of your electric bill and and bill.
for example these passages are set to copy down your number, get your account number then take your money.
we all have choices of the books we read and the musice we listen to and that is why we all have individuality.
some of the people that go to the library aren't looking for material with offensive language and/or themes.
that certainly does not benefit society.
in some cases, the person who is addicted to the computer is the parent.
all the hippys will take the war stuff off because they dont like war.
it's just easier to live with it.
due to the advance in computers many people do not go outside as much anymore.
if an individual wanted to write a book that was not for children then he or she do so without penalizations.
how would you feel if some to your best peice of writing and complained that libraries cannot put this on their shelfs because its offensive.
in fact, about of computer say that over a using a computer.
then you can save pictures from when you you on occation.
as i said before computers can be benifical to .
what better way than letting everyone read whatever they wish
computers can even help get online, tutoring, so you can exercise your brain there also.
so 's so much easier to log on and have a private conversation with her rather than driving a day and a half or flying for three hours.
like books, music, movies, and magazines should be censored, too.
whatever they ask is done because we don't want a big scene.
you will come up with millions of exercise routines you can do right infront of your computer.
with in seconds he can respond saying, ""i even got a bear hug =)!""
another resoursful thing about computers is .
how did we let it go from that to a tool wed for , making lazy kids, and for anti-learning!
you can see how their doing or what their doing and still have a good time.
if you ask me thaqt question i would say, ' i believe the books should ,but to a national scale and not a community one.'
that content might be a whole other world for a young child.
they keep coming up with more and more.
so, now you know why people shouldnt spend as much time on the computer as they usually do.
computers, as you can see, have both good and bad effects.
in todays world everything is ran by computers for example each registers.
my first reason for supporting computers would be that they are very eduactional.
this way, i believe would lower the uncomfortable-ness of going to our public library.
one person likes it one person doesnt.
if i did find something offensive to me i would complain and if they didnt do anything about it i would just never go back.
even though these things are pleasurable, you should limit your time on the computer.
as you can see, computers have a lot of great uses.
first, you spend less time exercising.
another thing is there are online courses now for students.
secondly, computers have helped us acomplish things that otherwise we couldn't have gotten done.
if you use the computer it might break or not work properly.
thank you for reading.
therefore i believe that owning and using a computer is for the greater good.
you could have a long lost realtive you havent spoken to in a while, you can easily find him on the internet.
that is why these materials should remain on the shelves.
but there so key in major aspects today, the pros out weigh the cons.
a camel can tell of coming sand-storm.
this can be stopped if parents put their foot down, set limits, and make kids spend more time outside.
i would not have gotten that grade if i did not use the computer to do research.
the food of the ostrich is grass
the answer is no.
there are many electronics that effect people.
we can limit our use to two or three times a week, and only use it for important reasons.
homework, school projects, and even work need information that isn't found anywhere else.
yesterday, i went to my local library and found computers in the library.
well how in computers help with with hand-eye coordination yoe ask?
this helps because it also saves time.
computers are and best way to do a project.
in conclusion, computers have a negative affect on person because they seeing beauty.
computers help us learn and communicate.
this is a huge benifit because a computer is one of the few tools that could help you expand your learning with a click of a button.
many jobs need you to be able to work well with your hands.
also knowing about the different cultures of the people in far away places gives people a better perspective of the world they live in.
many have it for entertainment purposes.
hanging out with your family can be thing you can do.
it is also a lot easier to find the .
it is never intended to offend someone, or bring bad to the world.
even though it includes how they used to be into drugs as a teenager.
dear, i would like to tell you something.
the person with a laptop be a busy business person and have to converse with many people from long distances a part, so they use e'mail and .
lets say there's a woman sitting on her couch.
i fear that children don't have as great of judgement as more mature adults.
being organized is very important it helps you keep a job or having everything on hand.
one can also find shops selling electronic goods.
recently, it has been brought to my attention that computers have a negative effect on society.
this makes it much easier than to fly half way across the .
kids start adding people as friends that they don't even know computers aren't just distractions, they are also very dangerous.
dats one reason why computers arent so good.
as you can see, computers are important in today's life.
dear , reading your paper weekly and up with local events, i was able to retrieve the information of a contreversy dealing with the effects of computers.
children should go outside with their friend and play sport or games, something that doesn't involve with the computer.
they also make it easier and more fun to make new friends.
they help many people in different ways, like the , teachers, students, scientists, and locals dealing with their jobs and daily life.
seriously, it only takes that long for a child to be introduced, and it is only one song out of the thousands that are out there.
without computers we would not be able to be as social.
the people who do not find it offensive might actually want to read them.
if newspapers keep publishing articles about the ""benefits of computers.""
dear local newspaper, the effects computers have an people are not good.
next people aren't spending enough time with their families.
people could be in a dark room all day, isolated from everyone they came about just because they are on the computer.
magazine and newspaper articles, books and even movies and shows sre available on today's computer!
thirdly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places.
i have an uncle and aunt who live in and we use skype to keep in touch.
even other people on computers is distracting.
to much use a computer is leading to aweful health.
i strongly disagree.i think that materials should don't be removed from the library.
censoring is not always bad and it's not always good either but it can hide alot of information from us which is not good at all.
now i'm going to talk about good things about computers.
so take my opinion into consideration.
all over the universe people agree or disagree with what i have to say but its your perspective and what you think about it is your choice.
when games and instant messaging starts to take away from studying and exercise there is a huge issue.
dear , i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
would you rather get a good nights rest or be extra tired in the morning because you stayed up too late on the computer?
if it is educational, it be useful to some people.
however teachers say that ever since was invented the students grades were skyrocketing.
on the other hand, there are many friends of mine that love to watch horror movies.
in conclusion, eliminating books is not a good idea because of how beneficial they are to us all, especially children.
people can not say to monitor that when it tells you everything thats in the movie or .
on the phone, she was frantic because she was giving a speech and she did not know what the statistic was for type diabetes.
good if you because you beleive that experts are questioning why use them a lot?
some people thnk computers are a waste of time on them.
il that not everyone is using a computer on a daily basis the vast majority of people are.
so there are certin things that you have to take away from them in order to keep them from getting distracted on what matters in their teenage years.
the time that you could be spending on homework or even working on a job, your wasting it.
also if someone has a parent or loved one far away they can see each other through the computer.
your friends might ask you to go to the park with them, and you say no.
exercising gives you energy and is good for you.
do you really want to have an addiction?
with computers there would not be any time with your family because everybody will be on the computer playing games insted of spending time with you family.
but i do belive that computers are a huge part of peoples lives now.
movies use to be simple, they would have a simple plot, and everyone loved it.
their easy access and very helpful.
maybe the difference between an element and a compound, or even just the definition of the word sucess than is a to .
anouther from a student say's.""
if the parents don't want their children to hear those words, they shouldn't let their children listen to that kind of music.
computers help tech you things entertain you.
i sow seeds in the vacant space and water them.
i have read many different things in my lifetime so far.
this has caused tension in relationships.
my last reason why i say that you should spend more time with your family is because you could learn a lot about you family.
all of my experience, observations, and reading have told me one thing.
now a days, instead of climing a tree, were climbing our mouse arrow to the next website.
people who read tend to be very passionate about literature and very intellegent.
normally when people read a book, they don't read it in a group unless they are in a reading group discussing certain books.
online encyclopedia like and help students all over the wolrd with schoolwork or just learning for fun that at home.
little kids books about kittens?
in your right ear.
computers are the lightbulb of the .
but when people hardly underdstand the concept of other people, they should not be exposed to books or movies that could be defined as offensive.
that someone should just look at the other way because a library is for the general public.
for example, i mostly have how time to go on the computer.
children now a days know a lot of things and are intelligent about certain subjects.
lastly, you could watch funny videos, sad videos and music videos.
here is my opinion on if i think that those books should be removed or not.
that effects the relationship with your family.
instead of being our practicing like the rest of us, she was in her house talking on facebook.
i love to play with my dolls, listen to music and read fairy tales.
same goes with the magazines, they also help people see what not to do or to help them understand the consequences of something that shouldn't be done.
the worst problem with computers is you dont with society you spend most of your time on the computer you wont have alot of friends in real life.
basically, the computer and the bad wide web things to do.
no, you don't.
especially with your family, because you never know if they're going shopping for you ask me that's selfishness.
using a computer would aid you financialy.
i truly hope by the letter you agree with my oppinion.
he serves his country and his fellow-men.
i think people should spend more time living and less time with their faces glued to a computer screen!
all work is noble.
the computer is very convinient and useful.
they don't see the real thing though.
meny shows like biggest losers it chanels are trying to help these people lose weight.
the genre of the book was fantasy which i enjoyed immensly.
locating and researching, even going to different countries, even different continents is possible to do on the computer.
might not be running but its fun.
its a wonderful divice and lets start using .
many people think that this material should be removed from libraries completely.
many products are sold through the computer.
so, it is important to spend some time leisurely.
many people believe that magazines, books, movies, music, posters, plus some other kind of bad stuff that parents don't want there to see.
also people have the advantage of learning about faraway places.
so, local newspaper i encourage you, to encourage others, to get outside and spend less time infront of the computer.
therefor, computers affect us greatly.
my second reason is that advance in tech.
second, in a survey of , of total computer usage is looking up information, and gaining knowlage.
in conclusion, i agree that the effects computers have on people are positive.
try a schedule.
it is all over the internet and you can't control that.
arguing just decreases the social time spent.
could also chat online.
the elephant saluted the people with its trunk.
people were not allowed to use computers most of the modern would not exist.
many people not realize it, but what they read and watch greatly affects them.
he is cultured and polite.
it has made kids my age more aggressive, have health problems, and care even less about the environment.
ther internet helps us keep intuch with relatives friends and ever helps us meet new people.
chatting online doesn't lost anything, where as the telephone charges for out of country calls cost .
it is already and we are using the computer for so much.
spending most time on your computer can causes less time spent exercising, more danger/harm to people, and less time spent with your family.
in conclusion, computer do have a negative affect on people in the long tern.
when kids talk to people on line they don't know if it is really someone you know.
with computers, communication is a .
they have forget a kind of family feeling among the neighbors.
must stop the madness men.
the computers we have in our homes right now are equipped with so much information that if you tried to take it all in are you would be overwhelmed.
my name is .
when i was doing social studies project i had to find out what the flag looked like.
numerous flight simulators and driving simulators are available on the consumer market.
authors could potentially lose money from the action of censorship.
i was working on a long history paper and essay, which meant countless hours on the computer typing.
i conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people.
do people have the right to limit self expression?
dear , i strongly believe that use of computer is beneficial to the community.
computers definitely have good effects on people!
it effects people very well and teaches people many things for just one technology.
the only words from his mouth are, "", just one more game!""
have you ever seen or heard of a movie that was educational yet offensive?
they need to learn about them first not by just looking on the computer.
health your social life, and also your education.
he had to leave and go back to .
in libraries there are a lot of good things to do rather bad things people always feel welcome there.
she went online often, just to check on her status and if she had any messages in her inbox, and that's .
dear , i rencently started researching the effects that computers have on people an have found some shocking facts.
name the fatest country in the world.
experts are concerned that excessive computer use can harm your health, hamper your social skills, and cause you to be disconnected from nature.
yes, at first it would be vulgar but the government would then have the right to teach about sex and drugs in school.
he is looked after by his parents.
young children beat theyselves up, because they don't look like the young actors and actress in the magazines.
of people on facebook have at least one friend who live out of this country.
any book could be offensive to any one person.
the computer can you in many interesting ways.
he used to be forgetting to write down his homework, but he looks online and he has all of it.
playing these games, will teach hand-eye coordination, says .
i think computers are very benefical.
this question might be answered forever.
computers help students do there school work better.
that why i think they should be remove
my now lucky i to be able to realize how, and the research is because of computers.
many sites have a no fee polocy so they cant charge them money for social living with friends.
lets say you have a project in class libraies are available.
says a pediatrician in , ""they all need thier exersize.""
learninging was easyer for every one with computers too.
magazine companies put revealing pictures of people on the front cover to catch someones attention.
it'so easy just to look at a list and pick what you want instead of waiting in a long line.
you can also use computers to watch live-streaming .v, or that new you got yesterday.
if you go on a family trip each year to the sum.
the more smart you become overall.
when i think of a i think of a quiet place that i can go to and read, or study.
friends always find something fresh to admire and appreciate in each other.
if it is such a big deal, i think they need to be removed.
don't beat around the bush.
so whoever is reading this please take this in consideriation and relize that some people like different books than others.
it could be not eating right, or not excresing right.
it saves time and effort with a more professional result.
these are websights like this for children and adults of any age.
they are thus a hinderence to soceity.
just buy the game install it and then play.
dear , i think that more people should start using computers.
this eliminates all that is heard about on-line interactions and activity gone bad.
after cutting the cake, we played many games.
first reason is they teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
relationships with others online is never real.
there is a variety of materials available to the public that be offensive to some, especially to their little children.
thirdly you should spend time with your family.
this saying teaches us the value of time.
i know of people out there who don't have 's or they don't listen to the radio, that's perfectly fine.
the next most important thing is that kids and adults won't have time to spend time with their families and share memories with them.
at the end of the day, the computer isn't very helpful at all.
i love talking to friends.
say you have had problems with your faucet, it keeps drippy but you dont want to pay for a plumber.
they're both got shot!
we may keep in touch with our friends and relatives through post offices.
you only need to the mouse a few and you find the biggest resivior of ever.
but they also can communicate to your friends and family.
on the other hand i do not believe that anything rascist should be on library shelfs.
i'll tell you how.
nothing that has to be done, can be so trivial, as to do it sloppishly.
i think computers are good because you can talk to your friends and family on the computers.
computers enable us to communicate with them through email or video chat without the hefty price.
computers help you find out important information that you might need to know in the future.
they also solve geographic problems.
none was poor and none was unfortunate.
first, you can learn about places you want to go to.
why because it has made us kids homework easier to do, and fun sites you can check out.
should they or should they ?
how about if someone die in they family and they don't know notthing about that peoples.
catches your attention and keeps you hooked on whatever it is until you find out what happened.
it is very beautiful.
and finally internet can be used to call and tell him, ""don't forget the red bull"" as he leaves.
they are constantly sending emails, typing proposals and all those things.
therefore they are getting barely any work done.
but with advancing technology site gets easier, and the gives more time other things.
everything from check out isles at the grocery store to coffee makers at home are being upgraded all the time.
of children go on the computer and ignore everything.
but that desnt give you the right to take them off the shelf thats what some people like to listen too.
turn your head and say no to the one thing that would reck you into little peases.
you can get things from food to cloths and toys.
say that you have a essay due tommorrow and you need quick and valid information you can simple go to which is a computer database.
but taking from them in the library and then thrusting them in a world with daily inapproite acts in not right
but i feell it can be prevented in the way libraries run it.
it is a very negative effect.
as well as webcams and email computers grants people access to communication websites such as (instant messaging) or .
have you ever wanted to play outside but it was raining or your friends were not around.
living in those conditions can only lead to one thing, obysity.
reading about somebody doing drugs will not make a child want to do drugs, it crosses every teenagers mind atleast once.
dear, are many people who use computers this advanced technology we have.
lastly people can learn about where their family corner form.
internet use was always available, interaction of online chat.
only you know what is best for you.
because of the stormy winds, the branches were swaying.
we all have it we just need to start using it.
also kids can get obese witch is already a greatly growing process.
execive comouter use will wear them out quicker than normal, where does your old word out computer go when you get the ?
so many people are gaming now, that if your not, you are missing out on an amazing experience.
spending time on the computer instead of enjoying nature is awful.
for kids who want to play sports this could acually help.
also i think if there is bad music it should be taken off the shelves.
this is going to be my first opinion.
the world has made many chenges with there technology.
computers allow us to conduct business with foreign countries without having to go there.
it could help you talk to famile and friend.
i dont think computers are good also because they spend less time enjoying nature.
they teach you how to use a computer.
a lot of people work on the computer to save the envirment.
the resposibility of judgement lies more on the parents of that child than the libraries.
the third detail is you will began to hate the person because the person dosen't care about anything but the computer.
there are millions of a job sites that would have to do with something of learning.
dear local newspaper, i believe that with too much use of computer it will have bad affects on people.
the sex, drugs, and violence used to create a story, have destroyed the minds of our youth.
everybody has there own preference on the kinds of books and music that they like.
they would teach you how to type and take some lesson on typing without looking on the keyboard.
with this logic, can one really conclude that anything is truely offensive?
, the head surgean at says, "" technology, our would be useless.
maybe your son listens to rap or rock music that condones the use of violence, drug, and alcohol use.
in addition, computors are dangerous because kids choose to make bad decisions because they do not knew.
""i love facebook, because i can keep in touch with my family members in the ,"" says .
so it can help our children to grow up well behavied and mature.
if you ever wanted to go bowling but you never had the time you could play a game online.
this gives us the ability to make millions of searches for any given topic.
i believe the quote stated above is quite true.
scientist can easily invent more kinds of technology by using the computers.""
but i feel that we can find a balance between the two views.
computers are important today's schools and educational programs becasue they can help students work in a more efficient fashion. ""
if you take a book off the shelf what is the older person going to read.
in conclusion i think that people would be more from using computers this is because it is easier to work with.
the computer can take us anywhere.
if someone finds a book offensive then don't read it, if there is a magazine that you find offensive, don't read it.
according to about of teens spend most of their time on an computer.
and last but not least.
i like the freedom and easiness of a computer.
of people agree that computers make life less complicated.
just because they are on the computer alot doesn't mean they can't exercise.
people who are not punctual waste the time of others and their own time also.
every person takes a different look at what a story says, just as every age group comprehends the message that passages give differently.
dear local newspaper, i am writing this to let you know that many people are spending to much time on computors rather than enjoying nature.
dear newspaper people, !
he keeps the school notice board up-to-date.
when basically, your giveing youself to the computers, you not have any thoughts at all of staying fir.
computers have a good effect for people of this age.
a matter of fact, computers have a bad effect.
within hours after the baby was born.
i conclusion using a computer moderately is a lot better then using a lot.
my third reason is that interacting with friends an family.
there are so many benefits if you know how to use one propurly.
my sister always come, out asking questions in the middle of the conversation because she's following and updating on while are having a conversation.
, the people agree with what stated.
so censorship is really in the eye of the beholder.
movies can reveal whatever they want.
with computers, people are the will exercise.
more and more people using computer is a good thing.
also if you are in the army and have a baby you can watch as they take their first steps or say their.
computers are used for research, socializing and almost all of our work is done on computers.
yeah sometimes computers can be a distraction but computers can help you alot.
are very well liked by many of people, so why get rid of them for those few who get offended?
you of course need a to do thank one.
not only do computers less on unhealthy life style, it also causes spend less time with family and friends.
or you could go acros the country to see your sick grandma or your newly named cousin.
eventually they all will start coming down til there are none.
thats one job exemple, another would be real state.
although it has many recreational purposes as well, it also can be very helpful in your life.
parents could be outside.
most importantly, our society will have no appreciacion or respect for mother nature.
everyone does it so i'm not the only one.
it is not necessary to take the items off the shelf.
in the following poragraphs i will share with you my opinions and why they are the right opinions for all to believe in.
cencorship can not continue in libraries or there won't be any books left.
if you spend so many hours on the computer these diseases wouldn't spread nearby as fast.
and lastly, the readers, who can do all of the above and read!
after six hours we reached kalka station.
i disagreed with that, i thought i should have the right to have watch it because i liked the shows and they were interesting to watch.
one of my severl reasons on way i feel advanced technology is harmful to our socitey is because it opens doors to strangers teens, adult's and etc.
this can cause great tension or sorrow in families.
he used several books to get information on the topic and i used the computer.
so, i would say that spending less time on the computer would be beneficial to our community.
but the fact is there any many reasons why you shouldnt remove any literture from libary shelves
the world is suffering because people are neglecting to pick up their trash and to try to stop .
the people spend all there time siting in a chair they could have a chance of gaining wait.
i like to become an artist when i grow up.
while yes, there aresongs & books like the and the that have provoked people to do crazy things, even to kill.
a lot of students in hallow school have a facebook account.
with my webcam i am able to keep in touch with my cousins in .
they help pay taxes.
so now students are pushed to use the web at home and at school.
i would have learned not only how to express and accept myself, but i might have grown to more easily accept others as well.
because they dont know how to use one, have something better to and can't afford one.
children who go on chatting websites such as facebook are starting to see a difference which is in there grades.
the computer also has different links that are helpful for writing a paper, making a power point presentation, and excel spread sheet.
but when you do it just to spite someone, then that is very hurtful.
since he had this computer he didn't exercise or got out to spend time with his family and friends as much as he was on the internet.
i thought that the internet had just my mom better than i could that we should go on vacation.
however, we might investigate into that theory ourselves and not be offended in the slightest.
would you get offended?
finally, teenagers and adults go onto facebook & twitter.
and we can be able to post games and have a chance to see the players talk to their fans.
i personally don't believe that anything should be removed from a library, just because something you might not like someone could really enjoy.
they could think a word is bad when you think it's fine.
there are many entertaining website online that you can go to when you bored.
""with our outdated textbooks in school, the is our number one recourse to get information.""
life is to short to worry and feel offended.
seventy five percent of people talk to thier friends through computer.
computers such as the electrisity bill, when you the computer, you gain and dont participate with society so get off that computer and.
can cause you to , and cheap .
i don't think they mind changing a few words of their song so can be played on the radio for all to hear.
luckily, there is light at the end of this tunnel.
not enjoying nature is also something that people aren't benefiting from.
you also read about new subjects and learn new things on computers possibly helping you in your classes or.
all you do is type in what you need in a search engine and !
i have family members in .
studies have shown that children and adults that own as facebook or myspace account, they gaim about pounds every moths.
we're all trying to accomadate to everyone and their needs just to please them.
its movie night, all your friends are going.
but it does not deter any one.
the computer teaches good eye cordination, how to focus, and show you stuff you don't know about.
after reseach is finished, the paper or homework assignment must be typed and printed.
this is how i spent my recreation and leisure.
i don't think that they benefit our health or social actions because computers keep us inside when we could be out.
should people be able to read what they want, or should we limit them to what they read?
a computer can help the save more goals by increasing their hand-eye coordination.
well computers use energy and let toxix for environment.
exercising, great way to stay in shape but is you sit on the all day you dont have a chance to stay in shape.
however, being on the computer is way sdfyer than go outside.
computers are an extremely useful recource for many things that we need to take advantages of!
many of them watch these sport on tv, and many buy tickets to their gems and matches.
this doesn't seem like a big thing, but without his , we would've missed the game.
computers are an extreme benifit to socity and nessisary in this era.
dear local newspaper, you ever see a child on the computer for hours and nothing could get them off?
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
computers benefit childrens education too, they can help you discover and learn about far away places.
in the times that i've been to the library there be some things that i don't agree with how certain things are certain ways.
the logical answer concludes to no, they shouldn't.
it can also show us the lives about people from the past.
as you can see, there is absolutely no reason to remove offensive books, music, or movies.
just loo around they are in movies, chain resurant at your home, in your office and even in schoold; computers are everywhere.
i am proud of my friend.
people get so caught up in what they are doing on the computer that they forget to exercise each day, or at least every other day.
could use it for info on a project or homework.
alot of people dont even get off the computer.
dear local news paper, this paper is going to be about the reason computers are bad.
sit on your back pond and go bird watching.
most libraries have areas sectioned of for adults only but they aren't monitored.
i was shocked and embarrassed.
to learn about information that is happening in the world, to talk to friends or family, and to help with school work.
when i first moved here i was a very shy person.
takeing something off the shelfs that is alittel bit offensive doesn't meen that it should be tooken off the shelves.
this is a positive effect for our country.
learn different stuff or how to's to make life easier.
finally, they end up forcing people into an unhealthy lifestyle.
the one without the computer needs to go to the library.
it helps because it boosts their hand-eye coorination & we all increases their accuracy in target shooting .
whith all the facts and statement i gave you like benifiting community, going green and also learn about other place.
children that are should not have books in their libraries with much of this pro-found languge.
the way that the books, musics ,ect.
you can easily communicate the old fashioned way with cell phones, or even writing a letter.
the computer cant do for you.
i think that these materials should not be removed from the shelves.
once animals are extinced they are not comming back.
computers and outdoors go together like chocolate milk and fillet mignon - not well.
i think most people can control themselves, though i believe that computers are very important and also have a positive effect on people.
they can help more than they hurt, and can you honestly see your life without checking e-mails and keeping up to date with our society?
secondly, going on the computer constantly can cause health problems.
would you rater have your children safe with you or with some stranger?
once it is gone, it will be forgotten.
in todays ecconmy you need to save money not talk it all away.
but he was a poor student.
computer are all the time.
some people know how to back your webcame and can watch what your doing without you knowing.
for some reason some people went to stay inside on the computer but other go outside on a good warm day.
you can look up basicly any thing on line and it will most likely be there for you.
that way you are enjoying nature, talking with your buddy instead of doing it online, and you'd also be getting exercise.
this is one disadvantage that can cause you from exercizing and seeing friends and family.
there are other types of fruit trees as well.
everyone loves watching .v.
it comes to be very useful for research projects or even learning another language.
as a child gets older he will be tought more about certain things.
this allows for guide and efficient research.
people (like myself) can balance computers and games, with exercize and sports.
if i had to write a paper on a person it would be almost impossible to do without looking up information about him on the internet.
one way computer help is that students can do their school work online and see their teachers pages.
like , the more wordy folks can express themselves by blogging their opinions. ""
when asked about computer usage, said, ""you could easily became addicted with just turns!""
interacting with their family and friends will be healthy to them.
it also make our work neater.
have you ever had to write a report?
now its time to !
i think computers definitely have a positive effect on people.
in oppinion they are not beneficial.
""even though my father complains that i'm on too much,"" , , says. ""
everyone has different taste, we wont ever agree on anything.
however, there are still people who think that computers do harm.
i what that is like.
the computer teacher people
putting books on public shelves for the public to read, can very easily cause outbursts and debates between people who have opposite opinions.
events such as that are the exact reason why i think that almost any book belongs on the shelf.
first, need computer.
im writing to reflect my views on censorship in libraries.
in our hamlet, things are quite different.
playing computer games can teach you techniques to help play a game better, well keep you busy.
for example, my family owns four computers.
thirdly, computers have effected the interaction between family and friends. ""
the entire place was buzzing with people.
there are way to many people on computers doing anything you can think of for hours.
also, having a nice family time is a good way to help be with your family.
people kill others or themselves because people gossiped about them online.
especially growing kids and teens.
i believe taht is just the opposite.
so people do have a choice on what should be banned or not but they also have a choice on if they want to read it or not too.
snail mail is no more with this extreemly efficient way of communication!
it could also be offensive to people based on who they are or what they do.
that includes looking at the magazines with good looking men or women on them.
people do not appreciated nature as they used to, as they should.
i think computer can benfit socity becuse computers can help you with your acidimic work, and can also talk to you friends online.
the grandmother to a social networking said, ""i can't even have conversations with her because she is is talking like she is on the computer.
whenever you need it.
the computer is good for doing homework you cant then always .
this is because most people are usually on their computers.
last sunday i went to the delhi zoo with my father.
also is myspace, facebook and .
i also agree with that.
communication would not be a problem in fact it has mainly caused trouble.
so i think computers let you open up and connect with others and get other things done on the web.
you can get headaches from just staring at the screen for to long.
who knows what is in store for me?
you wat our beautifal out doors to be ruined?
read on and i am sure you will agree.
everyone is titled to their own opinions.
if you have distant realtives you can keep in touch.
people who stay on computers day waste precious time could be spent with family, exercising, or finding a true love.
also, the computer has mainly improved methods of.
although health is a problem community is a bigger one.
if one cannot find a book to read that is not deemed appropriate, then he or she needs to take a look at themselves.
all of us have our own opinion about what is offensive and what is not offensive.
take i for an example.
there are very many view points of this topic.
leave the libraries as they are, as the monuments to the preservation and progression of knowledge and wisdom.
computers can do a lot for a person's life of know'lleage.
the computer lets me communicate with them and even exchange digital pictures.
of people in would floor.
eight out of ten kids say that they sometimes don't do their homework because they get distracted on the computer.
it's good for you because being active gives you a healthier, stronger and in shape body.
for one computers help with entertainment.
in opinion i think computers have negative effects on people.
to talk to our friends or even to talk to other people in the world.
i used my computer not only did i get my information quickly.
there are many groups you can join too, wich allows you to talk to other people and meet new friends.
thats why computers have a good effect on us.
therefore i encourage you to support computers, because they are so useful and valuable.
almost every teen in america has a facebook.
people all over the world do that just about everyday.
so if anything is explicit keep it in the adults only section.
the humans in that movie, after relying on computers for so long, became obese and fat and had no muscle.
i know that i enjoy downloading music, too, so why should it be any different for other people?
we as a country were built off the radical and offensive things written about the .
it will most likely give you knowledges about the advertisement you are watching.
it will also save you more money.
outof people are not physically healthy and a majority of obese people today state that they do own a computer.
before my famiy had a computer complete dedicated to papers files that your so important & that we could not lose.
the reson i say that is so are cirlden are not geting ideads from a book that is not aproprit for them.
mr. david and the members of his family are very co-operative and helpful.
i brush my teeth.
the army men play a very important role in our lives, as they protect our country.
thats gone, but now its supports are saying the other people's entire religion is offensive.
if is a book that is racially unexceptable then it should be put in the adult section not anywhere for children.
teachers perfer it when you use the computers to do your work.
dear editor, i understand that some children and adults love going on the computer, but they dont know what the bad effects are.
not to mention, it would bring people closer to one another.
they will find out anyways sooner or later.
therefore, libraries should not attempt to rid there shelves of 'offensive' material
now being in my shoes how do you think that felt for me?
they bought a that costs , on top of that, they spent on all the programs they needed for the computer.
all my reasons before.
but, there will always be a crowd it appeals to.
over all i think computers effect people in a positive way, and these are some reasons why.
this is all valuable information that people would want to be one-hundred percent accurate.
the library is great because of the plethora of knowledge contained in the unrestricted inventory of books.
there is also morals behind them.
i feel that too many people are becoming addicted to computers.
but they might have email, myspace, and facebook.
for example, you can find out about other countries in the world.
people shouldn't all their time on the computers and spend less time with their families and friends.
i wasn't reading it on the computer.
plus, there are many different disorders in the world.
that's why i believe that you and all others should believe that computers have a positive effects.
the media draws it's attention to captivate our children.
not all things adults do are not appropriate for the young eyes.that's why i consider that the things that are broadcast should be censored.
you can just chat with a bud instead of using up an hours worth of minutes.
which would you rather do, type or pages?
this is an example of how stores connect to their customers.
at first, people would think it was a terrible world.
this is the last reason i support computers.
search engines such as , , , and more allows us to research anything we want to know at just the click of the button.
these websites can get a person to be willing to be on computer instead of exercising and staying healthy.
computers cause no learning to be done anti-socialism, and abesity.
dear , this a letter telling you my opinion about computer.
i feel very happy to see the fruits, plants, and flowers in my garden.
a book is a form of speech.
yeah i said you think a comp.
computers provide entertainment to people.
what if we didn't have computers though then what if a serious crime happend then we wouldn't be able to find the criminals name or his records!
my third and final reason is computer give you exceptional hand-eye coordination can because i know accountant.
in real life though alot of kids have to listen to there parents fight and yell.
inf will agree that with more , these sometimes painful disorders could be avoided.
to special uses.
the phone is not always an option.
i think it's ok to write whatever they want and put whatever it was they wrote about on the shelf.
this issue is debatable but really i think that computers are not helping the big picture.
all because you had a computor.
most of the material is helpful and enjoyable but some is not.
these are the three reasons why i think the effects of the computer are bad.
books hold a great charm for me.
even going to and having a melting, warm, right of the oven tayst cheese pizza.
also they can go on a website called http.historywork.com and that will also help that on what.
says , "but actually seeing my family and talking talking to them is way better."
some people go to check out movies that are shown in school so they can watch it if they were absent.
if mother has casual leave, then she waits.
what if they come accross a book from the early 's?
dear , you probably have seen there is a lot of controversy over wether computers are helpful or harmful.
so that proves computer is a great machine.
this web hit canbe used for just about anything.
i can copy notes so much faster because i can write and look at the bord at the same time.
it's not okay for a child to talk offensively like that.
so, this is why i believe that having a computer is a good idea, and good to have.
many people say over of the .
computers damage our bodies in a way by luering ourselves in while we can go out and enjoy nature.
pleases near my reasons and give me a fighting chance.
if i was a person who got offensive by something that was on the shelf at the library i would pass it up and not pay attention to it.
not only is a computer good for communication, but you can also play fun and entertaining games!
here's another example, like this music artist named .
i think that censorship is a terrible idea.
reason on why computers are not benifitting us.
it is so much easier to do that then look for books that has all the facts you need.
also, many people learn how to manage their time on the computer.
i remember going to the library when i was a kid, and i wanted to check out a movie.
in conclusion computer help everyday people and without them most convinences would not exist.
those rooms would be for the books that are easily questionable for younger children.
some being; to learn, to get us ready for college, and to be independent.
we get milk in dehydrated powder from also.
let your children read a book with lots of pictures and color.
as we entered the airport, it seemed like a different world.
if they do not hear about it in movies or magazines, they are probably hearing about it at school.
computers can be good in many ways but they can not be.
through censorship we are destroying the truth and knowledge that each individual deserves if they are determined to find it.
this makes computers a negative influence on people & their health.
have fun where is the computer.
they agree this by saying that work gets done so much easier and faster on a computer.
you like music, movies, and more?
that is another reason why computers are useful in vey positive ways.
my brother envied me.
what would have taken days to get here now takes minutes or maybe even seconds.
i believe as a citizen of this city and as a avid library goer, that censorship in libraries is neccessary.
""i would've never known about the earthquake in without seeing the article on homepage,"" says .
doctors have said that at least of overweight parents spend most o ftheir time on the computer, thus limiting their time exercising.
as a result, do you still believe that computers are a good beifit for society or bad beifit?
but, in conclusion, computers have positively affected all people with their amazing convinence, and great sources of entertainment.
this way you can make arrangements.
they can help us learn how to type, connect us with our world and bring families closer together.
my reasoning on that is not because of how it influence people in a bad way.
they are a key to growing, learning, and discovering.
its imperative that the community takes action to stop this from happening.
i have also read books assigned to me at school that have had descriptions of sex and bad language in them as a third grader.
music can come uncensored and censored, it just depends what you want to hear.
should they be removed from the shelf if they are found offensive?
i had no way of communicating with her until i found a program on the internet that lets you chat with people.
it makes it twice as hard, to do a simple task with a computer.
you wouldn't like that either.
a few years ago, my mom would come in and tell us it was time to get up.
in conclusion, why spend so many hours on the computer when you could be outside, or hanging out with friends?
they should do that so they can warn the person who is checking out the material.
this should not play a role in whether or not materials should be removed from public places such as a library.
you can see, computers are very much needed when it comes to school work.
three reasons for opinion is .
dear , i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
so this gives them an opportunity to see what is wrong with it if they are exposed to these things at a certain age.
but if you going to go on to just go on to just talk to friend then that is a waste of time in somebody life.
offensive literature, sexual content, disagreeable topics.
a and , computer systems are the leading cause of a lack of exercise.
the new technology is amazing, like webcams where you can video chat or cellphones where you could take pictures, they do have negative effects.
of course you are going to be tired if you sit for a couple hours staring at a computer screen.
lastly, people's jobs will benefit it they're business depends on the advertisements they post on the internet.
there are so many different means of communication using the computer, which are all free.
with our new advances people are spending more time sitting around than being outside, which udds more and more to obesity problem we face.
music comes from everywhere around the world, where young teens adapt to that kind of music and starts to feel that anapprpiate vibe.
but yes also the bad magazines need t go to that way little kids arent looking at them.
people helpful is on the line with this computer thing.
saying that, people are neglecting to exercise and eat right.
therefore, people need to move around more instead of sitting in front of the computer.
for some students, the holidays mean more work.
having a computer is good because u get to serf the web you could play games, see and alot of other times you will like.
they are also good because they help to develop cordination on your hand with your eye, and they are helpful because you can buy things online.
they give you details on why to visit it and a fair price.
they range from @num3 for a computer.
on the hand, i believe the computers put positive effects on people.
let the parents set the limit for their children and it makes life simpler.
secondly, many kids and teens are attached to their laptop, and bring it everywhere with them.
or, if you don't like your friend that moved away, you can meet new people.
dear local newspaper, i have been asked to write a letter stating opinion on the effects, computers have on people.
a computer saves the report and shows you some mistakes to take case of your children.
i believe that almost of kid are on the computer because they have nothing to or it is addicting.
managers or owners if you get people coming in to tell you to read this book, watch this movie.
soon many ladies came out of their houses and surrounded them.
dear , computers have helped us in many ways.
with this people become glued to the computer and forget to do their homework.
for example: breaking in homes, killing people, and high sacking cars.
that way you can be sure who you are talking to.
is important to have a time limite on the computer and get up and moving.
in conclusion, this was why i agreed with beign active because being on the computer all day would get your and hard use too being on the computer .
learn things on the computer, but only virtually.
speech on: the educational value of travelling
they ease life, teach people about far away places and the people who live there, and alow people to talk to others.
i did some research and found that of people that are over weight have account's on multiple sites on computers.
you think i'm only saying that because i'm years old and it is basically what i do for fun.
the most popular right now is .
i know that of the population of the , prefer computer sources over book sources because computers are so much easier when it comes to finding specific information.
i can honestly tell you that i love computers.
please read on to finish reading my letter.
and i hope you like what i wrote.
computers are the same as watching tv, sure!
i lost pounds by just swimming for a month.
not all familys live close, but are a close family.
next i support the computer because you can learn about faraway places and people.
you be thinking that s computer would make you less coordianted but, computers really help hand-eye coordination in people.
you just had their best work pulled from the shelfs because you think it is offensive.
what does that mean?
don't be lazy and waist minutes at your day just getting directions.
all these websites provide the information that people want and keep nthem logging back on everyday.
has also aquired convenient-sized laptops to help students do their projects and take test.
what one person finds offensive another could find miraculous.
now, who would want their child listening to songs that make it seem like drinking, doing drugs, and other various risky activities are okay?
we look different and see things different.
every day in the morning before school checks on the weather, on his computer to make sure it is safe to go school.
the people that worked on the movie or wrote that book put a lot of time and effort into the piece.
my dear mother had come home.
if people removes them so people wont come back to that libraries.
in conclusion, i believe that censorship should not be used in libraries.
childhood obeasity is a big problem in and part of the reason is because of computers.
it isn't fair to them that they don't get the opportunity themselves to learn about it and ask questions.
this movie has a boy from a slum being tortured because he knows the answers to the questions on the gameshow ' to be a ?'.
some people like certain movies such as action, comedy, romance, or drama.
say if you were talking to someone and you thought it was your friend, well you don't know for sure if it is then or not.
there are more circumstances where a library item does not need uncensored details because it is just offensive.
just like that, computers help to get questions answered fast.
libraries are meant to provide information anyways.
by looking at those magazines or reading books about those people teenagers think that everyone is doing it.
computers are harmful to our society.
therea are thousands of ways to meet new people.
your practically just type in a word and automatically have hundreds or thousands of links, containing information on that word, to choose from!
as people become more intune with the online world, they tend to interact with their family less.
i've also been able to do plenty of research on other foreign countries at the push of a button.
as you can even see, , computers are a necessity!
if they did have one then you have you did it in minutes but how else could you contact them?
it allows people to stay in touch, learn about places and people, and to stay up to date with the latest local and global news.
we need to learn about those kind of thing.
most people have matured over the years about what happened in the past.
some even tell of what happens when the characters says a bad word and what happens to him if he says it.
just comes to show one of the best benefits of computers: their ability to display the most current information.
how do you act, and what should you do?
computers let you learn more because of the internet.
two of us went to the police station.
not helping it.
whenever there is a vacancy, suitable to their qualifications, they are considered for it.
if people are concerned about someone being to young to read or view the material, the library can also put an age restriciton on the material.
the computer isn't as helpful as you thought.
i am find out what weather is today, what happens throughout the day that be shocking to everyone, and find out about celebrities.
dear editor, i think that the computers have both positive and negative effects, but more positive.
and , but sometimes they can't catch the virus.
computers are not the way to go.
you can almost search anything on the computer.
when on the computer kids will eat.
my dad then disconected my , and i beleive my grades have gone up.
i do not believe books, music, and magazines should be removed from shelves.
computers can do amazing things!
there has been lots of talk and arguments about computers and wether they benefits the society.
yet they're are some that have unappropriate things.
so in conclusion that or why i think we should have peple we computers more.
computers are like digital encyclopedias, which has just about all the information your looking for.
everyone knows computers addictive.
today i am wrinting this letter to you on computers.
well not all magazines are rated , some have inappropriate material in them.
computers are a great help for projects, email, vacation spots, and so on.
but if could get audincing with all the things you can do before you know it your day has gone bye.
even though some people might abuse their computer privlages by staying on too long instead of exercising or interacting withpeople but thats them.
i interviewed some kids and said, "" i don't spend a lot of time with family or friends.
one of them is books i hate them with all of my heart.
many people young & old are starting to use the computer to be social with friends & family members through various types of websites & programs.
i strongly belive that computers are tacking time away from you exercising enjoying nature and even interacting with family and friends.
that is hard for some students, typing it is neat, and everyone can do it.
also, you can refrain from making a trip from the store by purchasing items online.
it is a very watchful bird.
you had soccer practice at night so you couldn't hang out with friends, but still had time to do a quick chat, this is perfect.
next, computers allow us to talk to faraway friends or family.
but people also need to be able to have constructive critisism and be mature about offensive writing.
finally, drug use should not be issued in books to kids.
this is my second reason why computers are helpful.
dear readers of the local newspaper, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
now everyday i talk to her on the computer.
i always hear about people saying how bad the band a.m. , just because in the lyrics it talks about drugs and how much cursing each song has.
say if you an your friend has the same computer which includes webcam, video messaging and more.
why is because they think they need to act this way because its cool, but they don't understand this makes them look very ugly.
many more things that are in good use.
plus the computer could help u find long lost family remembers because when my grandfather die my mother finded her sister on the computer.
only about of facebook users are addicted.
lastly, is a convenient and fun way to relieve stress by interacting with other users around the world.
the book was no longer allowed in elementry schools, due to the fact parents were seeing what their children were reading and found the book very offensive.
you are doing a fine job at writing at your job.
so as i conclude my letter to you, the north courier, i shall restate that i do support technology because they do have positive effects on people.
i believe that if it is on the shelf then anyone can pick it up.
dear man, would you want people to be on a computer all day doing nothing?
for example science.
i ' think that books should be censored.
lastly, computers provide games for your personal entertainment, which helps kill boredom.
email and i don't pay a cent for it!
surely this effect could be very serious.
it's what i'm sure your parents did you, and i know it's what mine do to me, and guess what?
computers are wasting minds of little kids, while others dont even bother to look outside because they are on the computer.
expecially when you had a little break and what to be alone, in nature, you can get away and lose your stress.
studies show that one fourth of online users have had an encounter with a dangerous person.
we nede make a computers are grene compurers.
dear , you know of people today use the computer for necessary reasons?
can bring your family closer together.
online, you can read a scientists' expierement or a paparatzi's take on ' new boyfriend.
in my eyes a book is less harmless then wating a show on the subject.
as a young boy, i would go home to my parents and show them the content of the book and how despiteful it was.
if everyone started they don't like, there wouldn't be any need for movies, libraries, or book stores.
dear , "" at killed in a horrific acident"" is the title that flashes across the screen.
wouldn't you like to talk to friends and family every day instead of waiting around for a call, email, or letter?
the book that choosing is called ' .'
thirdly, many people that i know of dont really like to get advise or talk to other people about their promblems.
this happens to many people, some don't even notice what computers are doing to them.
he read five books and only got a half a page notes for his assignment.
precent of all teachers give out computer projects.
internet's middle name is communication.
it provides us with many kinds of fish, lobsters, corals, prawn and sea plants.
the less time your child spends on the the less chance will have being kidnapped, the is so dangerous, would you ever put your child in danger.
look on this subject is the oppisite.
as a child, my sister grew up with computers, she knew how to fully use it by age , she went to collage with amazing computer skills.
it would be taking away a right in the .
would taking 'offensive' material off of shelves not take away from this right so clearly and intently given to us?
everyone wants to get in first.
a library is a place you go to that has books, movies, music, magazines, etc.
do you want a bad grades?
we have a brain inside the head which controls all the other organs of the body.
i can't imagine a world without them.
computers today are much different from computers back then.
if you have a relative that you haven't seen in a long time you can video chat and they can see you and you can see them.
it makes research connecting with friends, and your easy!
next i will talk about how computers are a great resource to talk to far away people you know.
on any of those sites you interact with people.
can you imagine how much harder it would be to communicate with someone who lives in, lets say .
the only way a child can be exposed to this if their parents are unattended and irresponsible.
if it were not for my mom not wanting to make a big deal out of it, my dad would have had a little chat with that library.
the libraries, for some, are the main means for getting books.
reply was well a lot of people have aids but it's kind of an iside joke about 'blacks' and aids.
in addition, computers teachers in organizing files and entering grades online so students can check their.
it was going on before we got here and when we leave it's still going to be going on.
the librarians can put that particular book in the older age section of the library and have the kids book in the younger section of the library.
dear, in this world today we should have everyone useing computers.
a lot of people spend their day sitting in front of a computer and work.
it should never come off as a place with things that is offensive of so it should get removed.
many stores have online websites wher you can purchase items and have them shipped to your front door.
in case we get lost on the roads the computer can us get to out location.
take for intance, her journal is now a book.
some say they are helpful to society and others say not.
time is a big thing which many don' realize.
that is just apart of humans having their own opinions.
it is simply not thier responsibility.
so no one should have the right to tell people what they should and should not read.
and reuniting friends, you can also make new ones with a simple click of a button.
it takes away from people who need to learn about topics for things such as school, or even work
i know what your going to say 'but what if they didn' know it was going to be offensive to them'.
this computer madness is losing lives, we cannot allow this to continue.
you would halfway have to wait for a mechanic or run for miles to get to a phone.
""you've got mail"" i'm sure you have all heard this before.
that is for enjoyment and people liek to relax to this sorta stuff.
i think it shouldn't be there for people to read, like i said before.
in conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people.
the computer also teaches you how to do different stuff.
theres all kinds of weird books in the library, and a lot of people just look at them for the fun of it.
music can be produced or even rapped or sung in many different ways to get to people.
were censored in a library the material wouldn't have a chance to be exposed to people.
that is a main reason why kids today do not have self control becuase of the things they learn off of video games.
i've just been informed about how people view computers and the effects of them.
offened is a word used lightly; yes, people use it a lot but do they really mean it.
if they are far its a nice way to send photos back and forth to see how the person/people are doing.
also, if you're just having a hectic day and need some peace and quiet, libraries become a perfect get away.
the offers you many good mind/puzzle games that you could not ordinarily do.
this is taking a right away from us, and we should not have to go buy the book and only read it once.
computers make life convienient for all.
games are very fun, but they fry your brain.
if your worried about it take a break from it for a while.
this can actually improve people's knowledge, and their performance at work or school.
in many today experts like .
the green crops, tall trees, and beautiful flowers left a deep impression on me.
what can you do about this problem?
if you have a confrontation about it then it could get violent .
families speak with each other through .
people need darkness to rest.
this action can help with sports.
the next thing the computer helps us with is it entertains us.
so the computer help me on spelling it also makes your project look better.
and guess what?
one reson is that it makes life easior, it also helps us understand what is going on in our lives today.
students can grab their laptop, and go on their warm and comfortable table bed to chat friends.
the reasons that support my decision are lots of buisnesses use computers to work, fast food resturants use computers, and schools use computers.
you can also make graphs on the computer.
computers can be programed to have simulations for jobs like policemen ambulance drivers, and doctors.
need tog et out and chair, pry their eyes from the computer screen and go out and smell the fresh air.
it can be filled with knowledge, and still have the ability to learn and understand more.
i saw this segment on about how of all teens play on the computer atleast once when they are supposed to be homework.
although they use computers for a good reason people should make time for outside.
for example if you are in school and you are deciding what college that you should go try the a great place that you can go to get information.
we all know that no family is like that.
also, alot of people go online to research information their school, job, or a project.
in my opinion, computers are very educational because there are alot of websites that teach you facts about different places.
that she had already had complaints about the books and she was taking them off the shelfs.
also in libraries there are a ton of music, movies, and magazines.
movies are rated because some people don't want or need to see what will happen in them.
all computers are helpful and not always something negative when someone uses it.
other times people go online diliberatly to learn.
without family and friends you miss out on so many good ethics and experiences.
should stay on the shelf because if they are removed what are we left with?
also they wont be able to go online and pay their bills witch could be bad for everyone.
well then chat online on your own personal labtop!
you don't need to stay on the computer all day you need to have fun.
a recent pole in the times.
how about you?
this lands them into trouble all the time.
so you learn alot of things than feel offensive about books or music.
instead of playing games or talking to their boyfriends and girlfriends, teens should go outside and exercise.
you can chat with people from long distances, and it even makes home work much easyier to complete.
some of the major bad effects of computers on people are no exercise, you can talk to strangers, and no interaction with family and friends.
i like to shop online for discounts and sales where i know thing are cheaper than in stores.
i always go to the mall with my friends insted of playing on the computer for hours on end.
thank you for your time.
people can save money by not having pictures developed but instead having them stored on their computer, ready to print onto boand paper.
what do i mean by that last sentence?
so instead of having a chat over the computer screen, plan a meeting in person.
well my point is people use computer a lot because they are, very helpful in many ways.
also, when things are typed, they are usually easier to read which makes it easier for teachers to grade, and won't take as long.
i don't think so.
they reward him for his good service in festivals.
another girl came on a cycle with one wheel.
that is how computers let people stay in touch.
i remember as a child of seven or eight going to the library all the time with my mother.
in short, the birth of computer has allowed for vast improvement in society as a whole.
it will be the best choice you ever make.
and you have know left it's the right your could and have nothing to do that rude.
they don't know the danger behind it.
beggars are a great nuisance.
then you could print it out whenever you need it.
this book frankly makes me sick to the stomach.
i had no idea that she had cancer.
many people get to find there family threw internets.
lastly, one of the most important issues.
there are many different genres of books, music, movies, and magazines.
take in order of what i have said, goodnight.
computers are a key part in society and we depend on them without them we would all be lost.
also, it is easy for me because i type like the wind; after practice, of course.
there are many fun and games that help you to be a better and healthier person while still having fun.
when there's a day you have nothing to do, don't you just want to go somewhere for fun?
also, it is keen that libraries divide up the different resources into separate sections for children, young adults, and adults.
so i still believe that offensive materials shouldn't be pulled off shelves.
nobody was trying to take away your music so why would you take away ours.
books take so long and i learned so much about my topic from my computer!""
i like things that some people might not like, that is just how human nature is
practically every day, each of the foor heart- children begin to their computers from the second will home, to the moment they fall asleep.
more jobs are created and help speed up ordinary events such as taxes, messages, news, and teaching.
thats when those people are forty and live with there mom, for the most part of computer are used by teenagers and buiness workers.
these are many reasons talking online can be better than using a phone.
people spend to much time on the .
some say that being outside and exercising is better than using a computer but many computer games help hand-eye cordination.
it effect their lives depending on what age they were introduced to such things.
in conclusion i believe that is we are bad for society.
this is an issue that we face every day, and the reason i am using pornagraphic material is because it is everywhere.
a girl climbed up the ladder without any support.
our shool makes us do tons of project and the computer is our main course.
people needs computers to look for a job.
dear local newspaper, i beleive, myself if, that computers are extreemly important to our society in this day and age.
other than the affects social sites and exercise has had because of computers, online gaming is also a big issue too.
or i can also talk to friends after a long day of school.
don't forget about hearing the latest news, and finally, never get lost again, just print out a map.
another thing about computers is that you can talk to your family members all the way in a different city, town, state, or even content!
you can get a progrem that you can make heats and put it together to make some kind of a song.
because more they age the more there going to know whats going on in life.
others find some books, music, magazines, and movies offensive because of the terms people use.
teens hear cusing every day.
being on the computer is not a bad thing, sometimes.
for example people such as .
she is constantly on it.
i do not believe that certain materials (books, movies, and magazines.
so thanks for letting me help you with your decision.
it is also important to that they can keep in touch with friends after school hours.
hand-eye coordination is a very important skill for young children to master.
i have that chance.
it seems they're far more in technology you greatly, this will not improve your social abilities.
according to a study done by the , the largest cause obesity is actually computers!
my very last reason states that insted of texting people from faraway places, why not just use an e-mail address.
now time to compare with your friends.
latly all the movies that came out are very inapropriate.
also being active can healthen your lungs and heart.
you need to write a paper on how to play baseball and improve your pitching skills at the same time?
it us helps us look up facts or recent news quickly.
the joy of the people ended soon.
because i know computers have helped me in school and more work much easier.
they also say that of these people regurally use this method of communicating.
some people complain that people arent getting enough exercise because of computers.
also you are still interacting with your family and friends, just not verbally (only typing).
""i don't have a computer at my house, and i get along pretty well.""
we will be nothing more than a mass of narrow-minded and ignorant individuals who know nothing about books, music, magazines, movies, etc.
they can take them home, read it, and discover some things that shouldn't be discovered at their age.
if something goes against those, people will be offended, and if enough people are upset, it gets taken away
computers are the best way to research a topic.
i neutral, like from .
computers were once helpful devices that have now turned in to worping machines.
for example rated-@caps1 movies, most children under cannot watch them.
dear , i beleive that using computers is a good thing.
it simply isnt right to withold information from your children.
the librarys' who choose to censor what they put out is not letting everyone have a equal chance to learn.
i almost screamed with excitement when my father showed me huge planes near the runway.
also if we started recyling and worring about nature of the earth would be greener.
computers can be real great and easy to use as you can see, for schoolwork.
if you have time limits then people will have a certin time they go on and off of the computer.
public libraries are a far different story.
banning books and such from libraries takes away a part of history and leaves a gap for the future.
wow thats racist.
one of them will be about exercising.
i went to singapore to spend my summer holidays with my uncle.
they make daily go around, there you'll you?
so if a child see it they think its alright to do it or they might think its amazing or cool to do and they might do it.
do anything but interact on the computer when all you see is typed words writing back to you.
they keep people from excercising, spending time with friends/family, and are very dangerous.
computers are very helpful to us and improves everything about the way we live.
moreover, computers can help you pay bills.
water is found in oceans, rivers, lakes and ponds.
but since you texting her you don't know what and ask out her .
cries of mothers children whom they from.
computers can your family too.
due to the wide veriety of interest people have, there are many different types of writings.
i think that any book that mite have somthing that is a little bit appropriate should be put into a section that is rated just like movies.
around nine at night, it started snowing heavily.
because a lot of people that doesn't find it offensive relates to it.
you quickly tell her via computer you cant meet her.
why don' they see that?
some old buildings collapsed.
the material rated for adults gets put in one area of the lirary while the lower rated material is put on display for the public.
exerasing is very healthy for kids and adulst.
i tried to have my mother watch a movie with me called ''.
we should neither waste nor pollute water as each drop of water is precious.
reading books increases your vocabulary, you learn about different types of litature.
if you have moved far away the computer is a good way to keep in touch with your old friends.
doctors say that adults and kids should get atleast an hour of exercise a day.
also you can talk to people around the world.
i strongly belive that computers have a positive effect on people, because of all the things they offer, and help us on.
also, they have many medical problems.
did you know that of cars have computers biult in em?
i've been reading ever since i hit first grade.
my opinion on the effects of computers is that most people in the world spend most of their time sitting on the computer day in and day out.
on a game a user talk to friends, while a game such as a ( ) for example online, game.
the sun is a star.
so everyone i strongly encourage you to reconsider what could happen without computers.
in the end computer can help kids, adults, or teenagers.
a special birthday cake was ordered for me.
the computer not only connects stores and businesses but also people to people.
he had a number of dogs, cats, birds, hares, tortoises, ponies, etc.
the internet can also be a time waster.
once you find what you're looking for, you can paste it into a document and print it.
all this would happen because he was on a computers.
this can work to people away from screens and the course.
finally, the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination.
third reason is it is a big help around the house/at home.
libraries might not have the most recent books, or someone might've checked out your topic's book.
first off, one contributing factor is that computers help us keep in contact.
its true because everyone has a right to be interested and learn about what they are interested in.
also when on google, or any "" "" it gives kids the chance to anything and most likly get arreasonable answer.
computers can basically be called a gateway to learning.
computers don't take away from lifes, but shows it through fascinating synthetics.
go out and have fun, dont let the keep you home.
they gave him back his computer and tv.
but if people changed with time, then there would really only be a few types of music.
dear , you think computers help society?
when libraries begin to censor books they take away the option to pick books.
the computer his body rest weaker and weaker so exercise ias am main piece of staing healthy.
computers also fulfill a great need to entertain ourselfs.
if they do this it would make an improvement so younger kids can take this information lke a mature person does and say this is not real life.
also you can go on website , or other places to talk to your friends.
we can also ask our friends with help if we still 't understand.
i know you have a difficult decision to make but after reading what i have to say, their will be no doubt that you will agree.
and there are three of them: theft, cyberbully, addition.
in conclusion, censorship in any setting, but escpecially in school must no longer be tolerated because it affects writers, school systems, and potential readers.
but, i believe that our town should not support advances in technology.
so i think, due to these causes, people shouldn't use them constantly.
he was so excited, but when it came to typing papers, he wasn't the best.
people get a pleasant surprise when the clown starts dancing on the rope or wire.
these days, this is happening all the time.
you spend hours on the computer or even hours!
the computer also allows you to talk with people far away.
when an author must take this into consideration.
its hard to even ruminat how we managed before this device come along.
on the computer you can also use programs to make graphs and tables to show data.
you wont be able to see how big your family is.
even some i'll just sit down for two or three hours and just play a game.
a problem with kids playing these games become addicted to them, and will play for hours.
and most importantly, it's very useful when it comes to schoolwork and up pictures/ .
they allow you to do homework that cant be done by hand.
i spend at least half my day staring at a screen when i could be outside walking my dog with friends.
many jobs these days, typically banks, rely on using the internet most of the time, and some actually are based in the internet.
people shold be for healthy life style, not with computers around every corner.
sure we would still have to use paper for somethings, but we would be using in way less.
she scolded my brother for making noise.
you most likely would be on you ocmputer rather than going outside.
just as long as theres not and stuff like that.
i can relate this to my brother with his dis.
you don't want to surromb to the computers.
so now it's your turn, go out and buy a computer because you will be thankful you did.
theres even a to a science website.
with a computer, typing up the composition would probably take around half the time of writing the composition.
also you cant understand what there saying half the time.
there is a great heat in summer in india.
now lets see how has computers not needed our learning ability, contracting others, and last but not least made me and yours life better.
my opinion on this matter is that agree that computer are bad and people are spending.
wo could mapse the world better the more you.
computers allow us to have inventions that run there self so human operation is not nessisary.
and you don't have to draw pictures, that's what printers are for.
for not getting the the gamer.
these days the computer is the latest hit.
the tough situations and our surroundings are what prepair us for our futures.
well, how people do shopping online, there are hundreds, even thousands sites that offer great sales.
if we allow censorship anything that goes against our own personal beliefs would be destroyed.
theese are things people need in every da life and heres now.
should the child that is being beaten at home have to suffer in silence because it seems too graphic to tell?
could you amagine suddenly your newspaper reporters couldn't use the internet to work on their reports?
those who are interested in those topics still deserve to be able to choose those books.
they make rules just to display their power over students, and take away many of their rights.
cooling the : and from book _________ censorship in public libraries would be an insult to the institution.
what are safe even if some don't agree.
pleads former in an internationally televised speach.
mostly teenagers have this problem.
in school a lot of the research projects on other places focus on other places around the world.
thank you for considering my opinion.
well, i think that it has a positive effect.
there are also websites where you can talk and connect with other people who share the same interests as you.
another key point to look at is obesity.
so computers are unhealthy for people to have.
back then i had to write my essays and listen to music on the radio.
it can also help you study about people that live far away and that you won't get to meat in person.
when i say this i mean like you have a computer connect with them on the computer.
when being on computer for a long time, people will forget how to interact with others.
the affects on them are that people get learn things easier.
copying and printing students don't learn anything.
they want these types of things to be taken off the shelves.
that why i think the computer technologie is so outstanding what you think will happen if we didnt have today?
traveling to , or even under water.
finally, computers allow people to talk online.
there be some people that would like to know more about one of those things for a project at school or a problem in their personal lives.
this is not a very good addiction to get into.
censoring books could take away from learning.
some say these sites change the social interactions, but it really isn't.
the inner planets (mercury, venus, earth, and mars) are highly dense and rocky.
well that is not all true.
all and all, this is an issue that can be easily avoided by eliminating computers.
the scenery was very beautiful.
another major thing is that software comes out for the computer almost everyday, allowing many things to be done by users.
while many people found the offensive, others enjoyed the story.
constant vigilance is the price of democracy.
i remember a time when my father traveled to on business.
a computer can emphazize the fun is never a bad thing.
it was very beautiful and peaceful.
i mean the ones that talk about school or some random story that some stranger wrote and it just happened to show up in the school libraries.
one of the greatest is the freedom of speech.
dear local newspaper, a world where the uneployment rate rises sinificgently, people can't communicate or learn as fast, and everyone is stressed out.
getting rif computers will help to impact peoples' well- being-in a positive manner.
i say stay at name and love your internet!!
if a student to do a presentation on something they would want to know more about it and look,the topic up.
if we really have that freedom the censorship violates it completely.
matter of fats i don't know why they should remove stuff like movie.
also computers allow us to us to more info about recent events that have just around the world.
of kids said that when they are doing a project the best thing to use would be the internet.
are many people who don't have tvs and they get their news from the internet.
, i am going to explain to you why we need computers to do projects.
he works hard and enjoys sound sleep.
i also think that computers affect people because they don't spend time with their family sharing good things.
a song, book, or movie about slavery can cause some people to be offended.
carpal tunnel used to be more when typewriters were big, but dwindled down once computers with newer, easier to type on keyboards came around.
if we take the books down, they dont make money and they dont make their intended point.
it can come from the parents, their friends, teachers anybody.
computers have a great effect on many people with their typeing skills.
then they would get in trouble.
some people even use the computer for a job.
that is why i believe books should not be censored.
how doesn't that sound better than the computer.
you too can ""lose weight in just one week""!
the critialzing of books and materials that are neatly stacked in the shelves, are taken and miss treated from the harsh people that think they are offensive.
i was overjoyed.
my third reason is because the computer allows you to communicate with other people.
i all ready explind my reason why the boss and manager should removed the books or magazines from the shelves stores and libraries
this is a positive effect on him because it saves him some time and effort.
it can boest morale in situations like with military officers, soldiers because they don't get to see their family but online can change that in on instant.
i think computers effect people in a positive way by helping them in positive ways.
even though the computer has lots of things, and it is very interesting.
censorship has taken a turn in public libraries, but still has been strictly forbidden from school libraries.
there is a way.
it helps you play better in sports like baseball, and not only that but it helps future jobs.
they all are very cute.
nine out of ten people love what computers can do for them.
to find an intriging place to go they can look it up on the world wide web.
for example the screamo music to me sounds like someone would be killing or beating up someone.
moving is very hard, you leave a place where you have so many friends to a place that is so new to you.
when we took a field trip to they had data bases there that had every name of the people that went through there.
unlike most relationships that sucseed.
you also got many programs on a computer to connect with family on others states or city's as in , , and .
some of them being across the ocean in .
reading books also increase your knoledge so that at any time you can quickly come up with an answer.
so you would need to know where these handy-dandy keys are.
some books don't offer as much information or they need to be updated.
a lot of people need to take breaks off the computer: because computers can do harm.
you could even try and make some good health ones that advertise good health for people and teens.
in the ramzan season they go to the mosque to pray.
we also play chess.
in addition just going outside can do more.
these amazing devices have done nothing to harm the new generation.
like if they are playing a game all day and don't realize it they will get addicted and not stop playing all day.
first, reason for agreeing is because some books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
it is simply a tough time, doing this job.
street beggars are seen everywhere in our country.
because of computers, people have lacked exercise, missed enjoying nature and other parts of the world and forgotten about interacting with family and friends.
they should be spending time with family and friends.
my computer keeps me orginiced because i could never loose my work.
all that we have to do is take away the computer.
encouragment helps a lot of people.
it helps aldults especialy keep thing going in there baissy lives.
her rich aristocratic parents wanted her to be a fashionable lady.
in coclusion, that is why i believe that we need censorship in our libraries.
lexi , says that ""she has goting facebook texts to her cell phone of other teenage kids that are excuset"".
and finally if you want to learn about the world, great!
as you can see i belive that it whould be a wise idea if you wrot a articol on tecnology.
if you have bad pemanship and have a joblike a lawyer.
they can't talk to each other a lot because neither of their calling plans allow them to call without charging hundreds of more money.
people need to stop being so easily offended and realize the library is not trying to harm anyone.
so who has the right to say whether a book is offensive or not?
i also think that there are some cons.
there are so many that you just can't choose!
we can learn that are going on from far away.
so in that case, that;s where the role of the comuter steps in.
having computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about and faraway places and even allow people to talk online with friends or family.
well, generally speaking, i think it is and i'll give you only three reasons why.
from around the well, and computers open up new information to anyone.
without that then you'll be very exausted all the time.
i love all kinds of music, so nothing should be banned.
my first reason is people can meet new people.
technology.. also provides education.
oh wait, that's already happened.
computers also help you learn new things like typing skills.
finaly, the computers are getting in the way of seeing family and friends.
additionally, computer games can improve reflexes.
i don't think the world would be the same without computers.
the obvious answer is bad effect.
this was a huge achievement for the .
i couldn’t believe the characters i saw.
dear editor of , 's society is being ruined, ruined by computers of course.
if every person felt threatened or was offended by just one book, libraries would have to close because no books would be left.
he should show good results in the examinations.
this problem leads to the main problem because if parents say ""time to get off... go get some fresh air.""
my mother asked me to get up and prepare for school.
of parents who took a poll in say they want their children to learn about different cultures.
this was great, and i though about how many people could use this to talk to relatives or friends.
that is why i agree with computers give you benefits.
in addition, computers have a positive affect on people because they help look up famous people, states, countries, and etc.
i know that everyone is not the same and feel the same about everything.
it can also help them in anything they want to do.
going on the computer is addicting.
in the age games you must communicate and talk to your team if you want to win.
they type essays, or while doing research on someone or something, they could just save it and take notes on it later.
is not the only person in which he is transfered far away from home.
i myself have a computer; it is very important and useful to me.
so take my word ""don't abuse it, use it.
all this would help to create a good atmosphere in the school.
i dont think the library staff or their parents want a five-year old boy checking out a book that deals with sex, drugs, and alcohol.
they are also more likely to become less obese and if that's not enough they are hurting themselves because they are obsessed with inaccurate information.
all of the computers were filled with people and, a line with people ready to go on next.
if you let periods of time then will help you with hand eye coordination.
computers also let you learn about different places and people around the world.
that is, we could meet people from lots of other countries when participating in international sports activities.
they wear dirty and shabby clothes.
you could do lots of other stuff than lay on the computer.
through this situations, many sledres have learn how to servive in combat and save many of their fellow comredes.
the marketplace is always crowded.
on the computer you pick up a lot of facts such as wether updates natural desasters how to help others in need and other very important facts.
each person does the job the way he likes.
my third opinion for computers is that some people are to ill to go to work so they work online.
rapping it all up, electronics should keep advancing.
products in a library are for anyone to view, not to judge.
i have read and seen a lot of books in my life time.
i know sometimes we are not able to see them as much in school.
computers help people communicate, learn, and even provide entertainment.
we have to nurse it well.
dear , computers play a huge role in society.
finally, as the earthquake in i was able to donate through the website.
i'm sure that this will continue to get worse if people continue spending a majority of time on their computers.
its a easy and fun way to stay in touch with friends and even you family.
yes, the computer can be very addicting but once in a while you need to get off and maybe get some fresh air.
it's your own fault if you choose to use your computer too much.
you don't have to waste money to text someone halfway around the globe.
i personally believe that computersdo benefit society in a lot of ways.
i felt scared as i was alone.
about of people say that they are addicted.
to sum that all up, if we took away every book that one person didn't like, there would be only few left.
this reminds me of when i got my first computer and had no hand eye cordination.
family members can e-mail each other to inform them of an event or news.
well, if you are, i believe that should not be in front of that computer all day.
with the internet, that project can get done a lot faster just by typing whatever you need to know.
if libraries are going to have this kind of stuff in their libraries i think there should be a blocked off room where kids can't go.
maybe, even changed your minds or gave you a different way of thinking about computers.
or if you want to learn about a certain far away place why not visit the place instead.
just like in life, there are certain things people don't like, but deal with it anyway.
computers lets kids do what they want and they dont have to travel far to see certin things.
you can also use the computer just to look up information for for about something that you might learn in school. ""
he said that people were sending pictures of them that were innapropiate to other people.
instead of using your time wisely and getting active outdoors, your'e inside your house on the computer playing games or chatting with your friends.
they sit in groups of three or four.
books and other works should not be censored in libraries.
this resulted loosing the time i had with my mosue.
all books or magazines benificial to some and offensive to others.
""people go bannas for computers today.
many books that have been banned are great books that can have an effect on someones life.
we are not taking the time for exercise, and human interacting, all of which are to our health.
some can be terrible, and others not so bad.
lets say you are all alone after a hard day of making newpapers.
they are very helpul in our everyday life.
take itunes for example.
wating for days or even weeks depnding were you live but wegth e-mail it can get ther in a mater of secons, big deforents right.
for example if we have to study for something there are websites specialy made for studing.
that game teaches you words you probably never seen before.
it is as simple as that, people are wise enough to know what is good and what is bad for them.
instead of going online, get going outside.
kids, teens, and adult don't have to leave the house justto talk to a friend or two.
thousands of students just like are being pestered just as bad, and if not worse.
computers are progressing into our lives more and more.
but now my parents have to consult me to leave the computer multiple times.
i agree that for children there should warnings for material that parents find offensive.
i now have a labtop and it is preaty much portble commputer.
you know when you need to go out somewhere far and you don't know how to act there and have no in your car.
now you have to call a repair man who will charge you even more money!
we make our students come involved in technology.
the world is a large place with many people, places, regions, and countries.
even if they arent playing a game or writing up a paper.
you won't valueable thing that you have in life you r family and you always be able to make time them.
this is my first benefit of a computer.
you can be having some trouble in your socical life, you can always talk to a family member or friend secretly through the .
we entered the airplane.
still don't believe computers are helpful?
i believe you shouldn't be able to take stuff off shelves and terminate other stores products.
people can do their work in the computer.
moreover, yesterday i remember that i was video chatting my friend for hours and didn't start my homework until !
dear local newspaper, you imagine a world without computers?
first and foremost, these computers can get sources online that can't be found in books.
but sometimes we don't have to be on the computer so long.
people could get sick, probably forget a lot of stuff, and never have the future that they have always wanted.
as long as he is there, the whole routine of the house is upset.
they help us in find , medical, research and to tell weather or not you have cancer.
this way, life with computers will be beneficial after all.
they help us contact distant family members.
you would gain weight which calls for you being out of shape.
so now hopefully you agree with me that computers do acctually benift some things in life.
some of those people have certain religions that say they can't read or listen to certain things.
also, many websites offer special deals for shopping online so you can even money.
there is hardly any traffic.
actually out of every tourist research the area there going to on a computer.
do you want your children looking at bad pictures or seeing or reading about something with sexual content?
this isn't right because you need it for education, people aren't on all day, and a job.
it is a way of learning and researching and it would be almost impossible to censor everything there.
a fabolous search engine and watch videos.
with a computer one can learn scores of information about foreign countries and their culture.
so if people just start talking the book for the liberary there wont be any book left in the liberary to check out.
at the library i go to they have any kind of book, music, movie, and magazine you want.
and now if you reduce reading material for teens and young readers you are not incouraging us to read.
pictures on a computer give one a first hand acount of how a far away place is like.
and also, children can get very offended.
you can use this to talk to friends and many on line.
they need to remove all offensive and uncensored content from their shelves for the children.
movie contains a profanity every other word, so it seems.
he had a big yard for them.
also many more jobs want people with computer skills.
get away from the computer and bond.
also, it makes home work, and finding information a lot easyier as well.
clearly, computers are a huge source of knowledge for our society.
what is the differnce between someone saying somthing offense or writing it?
also we hear about what is going on in our big or small town.
visit friends, family and aquaintances.
people that changed the world and other information.
computers can hurt your eyes if you sit too much.
in my opinion.
your almost taking the words out of context when you do this.
computers are an exelent way to comunicate.
people learn about other places and people ccan chat online.
first, it lets you friends and family.
this is a wonderful example of why censorship is neccessary.
being a parent you should already be prepared for things like this.
nobody wants to end up like this, so limit oyur computer usage.
seven out of ten teenagers rather be inside in the computer talking to people rather then meeting new people elsewhere.
i have some of my best friends online through a mutual friend's page and it's a sucessful friendship today.
every day rainforests indicated on the one, polluted, and clouded.
well, there's no need to.
there a long line, so i just got online picked what i wanted and had it shipped to me unless then hours!
if you have family members who live far away, you can also send them pictures of yourself, friends/family, and places you've been to.
so i took action and cleaned our lakes.
everyone knows it and everyone loves it.
spending to much time on a pc can effect your in many ways.
but some people say that it distracts you from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friend.
she believed that it was an inappropriate book for a ninth grader to read.
pretty soon kind as a human will become all together through the .
above all else, there are millions of creeps on the internet, preying on children as a young teens.
he stays in queen street, a very busy and crowded area of singapore.
many other places like facebook let you share picures with your friends, family, and relatives.
there are a lot of people around the world who know what they believe is good and bad.
priority not too long ago.
after all, it is for their own benefit, entertainment, and learning.
i do not think that libraries or any one should have censorship to books, movies, music, magazines ect.
read on to find ou more.
being influenced by violence will make you commit crimes.
computers was one of the ways that helped spread the word and get everyone to start helping and sending supplies and food to the victims.
you can chat with them!
or maybe a local gym?
hearing the waves, & laughing ocean waters, and feeling it cool as the is just heaven.
it gives us the oppertunity to grow more sophisticated to set our goals beyond reach.
text books are there to nurture value among the young minds.
in many ways both advancing technology or not, why be inside doing nothing but talking to people?
you can also learn the history about the country such as their leaders and government.
all i need is my computer.
something being offensive isn't always a bad thing.
i also have a facebook and i use it almost everyday to talk to my cousin from that i havent scean sence i was .
dear newspaper, computers become more and more a part of everyday life people begin to question wether or not they have a positive impact on people.
stop writing on that pad, get up and type it on your computer!
computers make the work even smaler.
books are meant to entertain readers, why not just do that.
the idea of regulating what is on our shelves is not the most effective.
life would be very difficult without them.
get new friends from anywhere in the world!
i can go on the computer and see what we had to do.
and moving the to the back closet.
i wish i could play with her like i do with my other friends.
i think that games are a great excessory.
they have so much information that if you were to go to the library, you would be there all day.
did you know, that of parents who got their family a computer do not regret their desicion?
i feel like authors, artists, musicians, and writers should have the freedom to write and say what they want.
i believe it should be, with a few different veiw points.
thanks to computer also i learned that has one of the in the .
is censorship in libraries a problem or a right?
if the book or movie isn't around then they won't want to read the next one or see the next movie.
also can have videos online to show us how to exercise or use yoga.
a child on the computer is wasting time not being active.
so i believe that we can call find a healthy balance computer use.
it helps to make people more social, by chatting with their friends.
the effects that computers have on people are that some people just to be talking to their friend on myspace.
that is how computers have bad effects on people.
kids should be able to read what they want to read.
doing a research paper go to wikipedia and topics you'l find information.
katherine paterson, a well-known author, presents an idea with which i strongly agree.
she has told us over and over that if our hand writing is not good she won't grade it.
reason are you do nothing because people need to now and because evebady have to lost thing son thing.
people will still continue to do things they always did, just with something new on their list.
also it is used to make reports up for people.
family is one of the most important things in the world and everyone should spend a few hours daily with their family.
i felt so bad for my cousin he had to watch his mother die all because she used a computer everyday cause that has her job.
they have the freshness of a dream.
i have had a select few instances throughout my life where i have read a book or magazine that to some seem offensive and to others not at all.
why i think we should have computers.
furthurmore, should public libraries let certain age groups check out movies/books which are not appropriate?
therefore, books that are classified for one age group, not be appropriate for another age group.
this in turn helps to keep our minds healthy.
that means you could use it for your home work if you need help.
one of my favorite sports is softball.
could there really be too much information?
friends could be a big distraction in class, but how can you stay intouch with your friends if they moved away?
instead of being on a computer for or hours or maybe even all day getting fat.
my second reason is students need to learn how to type so they can email or even write on paper.
if you keep it up now it not seem bad but hours looking at the computer can kill your eyes.
before you know it will have to know how to work a computer.
first the games teach hand eye coordination, teach people about faraway places like other countrys, last it helps to keep in touch with people.
it exposed to the average world, things that were never thought possitive.
the speed that you type is improved with practice.
in addition, another reason is computers occasionally get viruses.
imagine playing baseball with a friend who lives miles away from you, while still being a kid in , or set in your exercise adventure.
these websites are a great tool to keep in touch with family and friends or even fans.
using computers to type are also faster than writing a paper.
it would be very hard to do that report without a computer.
some people beg to differ and believe spending not less time on the computer can contribute to lack of physical activity.
need to go outside more, and exersise.
before you go saying that you don't like something maybe you should give a chance.
cars and other machines were built by computers which supplied the blueprints.
we can't take everything off the shelves because everyone's opinions are different so if we censor everything, there won't be anything left.
to think turning a blind eye to the less than clean will make it go away is not only unrealistic but also totally ignorent of facts.
if we took down the books people said offened them we would'nt have any books left.
this is life as i know it there is alot of offencive people in this world and it wont change anytime soon not for me or anyone.
and finally, you can play many, many games on the internet to keep up that eye hand coordination.
i believe that certain books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
have you ever been in a situation where you need something but you just don't have time?
during the holidays, students are free from the burden of books.
now a days many college students with work going on not have time to attend schools so with the help of a computer they can take online classes.
just because some mothers want it banned, doesn't mean it should be.
they don't get any exercise.
amazingly, people know what nature is but the don't know what the true meaning of nature is!
dear local newspaper, that humanity has, has it's up and down's and it's positives and negatives.
students and teachers all enjoy it.
children aren't the only ones that are harmed by this deadly disease called noncensored books.
their guide was priar knowledge, knowledge from a teacher, or a dictionary.
the next type .
yes computers have ways to keep in touch with friends but it is better to or visit in person.
and put garlands of
another example is that when i have a project or a essay and i don't know about it.
in addition to the hand-eye coordination computers teach, they also help you learn about faraway places and people.
i went to my good friends and expert on all things envieronmental from the instate of clean our world or cow.
or if their is a storm headey your way.
i personally think, at a certain age, they need to know about this stuff.
another reason why my censorship in libraries is because it would give my library more variety.
hand-eye coordination is needed especially for sports like baseball, football, or basketball.
before there computers life was simpole, no student forgot there homework.
so, , the increasing number of computer users is a beautiful thing!
the experts at said "" the children do not stop going on computers then they with never see the true beauty of the outdoors.""
a hobby is the best form of recreation to mind and body.
these computers are an advantage to our learning and knowledge.
then by far this stuff helps.
so these are just some of the reasons i think computers could be bad.
i feel this conclusion is very fair and considerable.
this is why some people don't use computers now in days.
the bad thing about having any 'offensive' things in libraries not be a smart idea if it's most children get there books.
now, lets talk about the way people are neglecting their families and friends.
i also think libraries can censor music beacause in music these days there are very bad things that any body can find that is offensive.
this is what majority of the people in our society rely on.
my resons include, people should go outside more, and play with real people, and spend time with family.
people will always have something to do when they are bored, there is plenty to learn, and it keeps you organized.
he is healthy and strong.
letters can take weeks and can even get lost while email sends it to them instantly.
the book 'to a ' has offended many people.
lastly when you're not outside you're not enjoying yourself with your friends or family.
also trees that gives us oxygen too.
if a child would be in the appropriate isle for there age styled books, less children would pick up the wrong book.
lastly, i would like to express how i feel about offensive religious comments being found in libraries.
in we learn the ways of atoms and make make perdictions of how they will react with other chemicals.
we have freedom of speech and press so why can't those books be in our school libraries?
computers are used overwhelmingly more often.
so we emailed our ideas and thoughts and were able to get the project done. ""
spending too much time on the computer can really affect your life.
you can research schoold too.
i, personally, do not think that books, music, movies, or magazines should be removed from the shelves because they are found offensive.
every thing that you might like and/or think is funny in a film, but don't want your child to see is gone.
as i stated earlier research papers need computers, well it's not just for the information.
when you walk into a libraby and observe.
websites such as and are also causes of this.
now i will move on to my second reason.
benches and chairs began to float in the water.
isn't that was is all about?
items in the library are items that you can choose to check out or choose to not check out.
dear newspaper, i read an article in the newspaper that said how people on their computers is a benefit and could be a bad habit.
jimmy syas, "" kids are on their computers way to much!
they don't know what is happening outside. )
i know whenever i'm bore i go on my computer and i can always find something to don on line or find a movie to watch.
people also type papers and essays for work.
healthy, grateful, and diplomatic, we are slowly losing important.
they need to get more exirses.
no i know you will not,but think about that when you expect others to agree with what you say or think.
in most public libraries, young children are not aloud to roam the library without an adult.
in conclution i belive computers are indeed benifical.
others like the violence in those shows.
every where you go, you will see people with laptops or other portable computer devices.
all you could do is download it.
computers can affect people in many ways.
she was getting over weight and she was failing all her classes.
't you think that's a good ""deal?""
our four fathers, more than one hundred years ago wrote a document called the of the .
children need to see animals, smell the sweet scent of flowers and feel the breeze brush against their cheeks.
computers also prevent you from getting freash air and playing outside.
friends and family are impacted by the lack of interaction from one person.
censorship of libraries would take away our rights.
you can play all the music you want.
the wounded cyclist was removed to the hospital.
so one day my friends look me through a which has all it,.
the same with magazines.
reading is an important thing and whether or not the reader likes it, they will come across one that offends them.
we can not be on the looking up what said to ... you got to come back to earth and spend time with your family.
many harmful awarenesses come along with having one.
and many other reasons why should have for .
then there are people who can't afford it.
in my opinion excercising is a very, very, very important thing to do.
do computers have a positive or negative effect on people.
so remember to much of good thing is bad and i'll just leave you with .
also, people of different religion could find it offensive.
' should be taken off the ' should be taken off the shelves?
going outside is very important to your health.
so, consider liking computers.
during the rainy season flower plants grow rapidly.
the railway station is the place where people wait for
here are my reasons on the effect on computers.
i believe that everyone has the right to choose what book should be banned form their children,but not from the public.
my brother tells me that having a computer is the best investment has ever made.
well, thanks to technology and the advancement of computers, people can chat online on , instant messaging, myspace or facebook.
there should just be a limitation on who can view it.
computers are a magnificent part society.
you dont know what papper is what.
school sites are available for students of some studying or help.
first of all computers allow you to talk to other people online.
this is a great way why computers help societey.
there were some dwarfs sitting nearby.
one example would be our phenomenon search engine, google.
in conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people.
in addition to hand-eye coordination, computers provide organization which is a big concern in present day life.
my brother; for example, went to a university there learned how to become a micanic.
some people make their own companies to get money like the other companys get theirs, but some the money you make some goes to the government.
how could they!?
compters are modern day telivision for kids.
i thoroughly believe they are mistaken.
instead books about prejudice events should be kept out to show an example of how we shouldn't act.
in addition, computers help you learn more about people, places and cultures.
a person has their own rights to choose what they want to read, watch, or listen to.
, it lets my wife and i search details about a trip we want to go on.""
they say you still need exercise, nature, and time with your family.
there for, computers have negative effects on people.
this is what could happen if people are using them.
there are specific websites on computers with suffixes like '.org' and'.gov' and even'.edu'.
they are very convenient.
i think that they should set standards on what they want to have and following those standards on books they buy.
the mind is an extrordinary thing.
things such as sports, nature, riding a bike and many other activities are missed out because of being on a computer all day.
i know that i'm stuck on a problem at home, i'll just go on the computer and look up the answer.
i also add that it helps you get jobs and help you with your hand and eye cordination in school and out.
the unemployed are required to register with these.
we all know using computers helps people with all different kinds of things.
i be angered by what i see.
my name is and i am concernd about people around the world are use computer is to much during the day.
people should be able to read what they want to read when and where they want to read it.
did you know the two people who made google are dirt rich?
you can share the news or just have a conversation with anyone you know.
by having sections within them, libraries are trying to keep people reading what they were intended to read without censoring or taking away people's favorite books.
i have heard many amazing stories about this.
out of people in that use alot of computer time.
a lady took a fancy for me.
do you think being able to look up information on anything or talk to people that are for away is ggod?
sometimes, we just want a good book to read.
also kids can do their projects.
the library is public property.
first, how would the book help others in the long run.
rainbow is not a real thing but an illusion.
this is why they should limit kids and adults to only hours or less of computer time each day.
when people are deciding when to get vacation, they go in the internet.
but i also think people should beable to read what they want to read.
i do realize that it gets out of control with the music, movies, magazines, and books but we know when to settle down and grow up.
relationships are suffering, and computers are at fault.
so now you know that a computer helps you in the future.
thank for your time.
bad people are always lurking on the internet, and we need to prevent them from getting in contact with the kids.
maybe their going outside and getting exercise, or their brains could be getting sucked into a computer screen.
when the friends away, a computer probably helped our, too, just getting there.
computers are great sources to do school work, they give you information your looking for, and are great ways to keep in touch with family and friends.
to more on i will explain what i mean about being with family and friends.
people are not attracted to books that do not have a quality topic that gets them interested.
computers gives information about the latest and most recient things that happen in other towns contries, and states.
they can help you learn about subjects of places you think are interesting you don't know about.
as if a person that was a cook might not find a book about athletics too appealing either.
my cousin is from .
it was my eighth birthday.
the kids what it, but there is one book.
man's junk is another man's treasure.'
when a book is published then it is sent to a library that way you can choose to read if you would like.
if i could have it my way i would have all books like that out of school librays and public librays.
they are unable to have fast reaction time.""
'( paterson) katherine paterson believes that if she can take a book off the shelf that she doesn't like anyone can.
just a quick walk around the lock can make you lose at leat callories.
in addition, computers have a positive effect on people because they can do many things that nothing else can do.
i agree with this statement because people dont get use to doing other things then stay on the computer.
if you are at the computer for hours at a time your eye-site will pay.
some people would agree that some online games are educational.
and it allow's us to have fun and play games on the internet.
in fact, showed of people with a computer tend to talk to friends and family more often because they can do it whenever they need.
if one is cautious and uses internet safety techniques they can make new friends with common interests through computers.
are instead of gasping, you say, ""!""
there is then hardware that needs to be bought and replaced, along with antivirus programs and other protection.
what would you choose?
it is like taking rights away from people because they don't agree with what is happening.
use a a real map!
for me reading books helps me escape the real world and catch a break.
websites can be a way to find computer time.
there are always going to be those people who disagree with things.
now i told you all the reasons why i think using a computer is good.
people can use the internet to send emails to each other.
of course it does.
not knowing anything about your vacation destination is like not knowing what's for dinner tonight, it is clearly unreasonable.
and it's in your house!
homes offer security and feel affection for human life and it is one of the most important things.
now a days their are a lot more shier people who are scared to people and be friend.
so lets the to thier argument.
those who are glued to their computer screens are no better.
we can be a conqueror if we learn more and more from our teachers and books.
i wanted to row but my father was afraid to let me do that.
if you are on the computer twenty four hours a day, seven days a week how are you supposed to get enough exersize?
computers are also great for comunication.
at the end up the day, life is short, so you can't aford to waste it.
but just then, my son me to get one, and i have the chance to talk to my family everyday.
the censorship in libraries should be as gog as it is for that age group.
dear newspaper, you know that two out of three own a computer?
did you some people own computers because they want to stay in touch with friends from differnt states who live far away.
like all proverbs.
another very effective way to contact family is through skype or a web cam.
her penmenship was not legible.
the point being that a person can read other books than just innapropriate books.
computors are not beneficial because they enforce bad habits.
i say that because people look at magazines that have shooting in then and that have crime in them to.
i do not question whether children and teens should read, but rather what they read.
most little kids are attracted to the children's section because of the colorful pages and simpler words.
they had to make short notes or short handed notation like w/ or.
but if you go online you could find out stuff that you never knew exsited of just plainly didn't know about it.
friends is moving to and she has no idea what it's like, or where it is.
thanks for taking the time to read this.
do you see our future now?
instead of going to such drastic measures to shield your child from them, but to simply not allow them to watch those movies or listen to that music.
last reason of why i think computers are useful is that they help you get a hold of family and friends.
many engineers strive to improve on technologic devices popularity, while others use it in communicate or relax.
i would listen to the complaints of the students.
all these can be used for school purposs.
by outside, and enjoying nature, taking walks, runs, or even hikes, you can get your exercise.
sales people need their computer to store data, like on .
movies like that should not be on the shelf at the library for my child to view.
he is very cooperative by nature.
i think this is important because think that facebook & twitter should be limited amount time and should log you off after minutes.
if i was to right about to a news paper that are childing should not be looking at book and shoud be tacken off the shelf.
in conclusion, the effects computers have on people are very negative.
people, in general, want what they can't have.
now think about how purchasing items would be if it weren't for the internet.
do i agree?
censorship in public libraries, allowed?
lastly, computers can help you with you hand eye coodination, when your hand eye cornation because you are trying to type a word.
i personally believe that the use of computer technology is a good thing.
children is there own person you can keep them from whatever you want to, the thing is you can't hold them back in life.
everyone might be offended of something but people should't let it bother them.
mostly people dont really get that much engry.
computers can also be used for research.
we can learn about the climate.
his gaming has gotten in the way of his family and social life.
i will fly around blue oceans and beautiful mountains.
he takes his dinner and then sleeps.
for example me and my family went on vacation to , and my mom made all the reservations from our computer at home.
so tell me what you think!
the computer teaches you things for life.
the computer has games, internet, and ways to talk to people that get then attached.
people would put an end to what some people and companies are doing to nature.
realize that these sounds are not what you should be spending!
do you spell encyclopedia?'
in these seperate departments, the product is always catagorized.
some of them causes us to have nightmares or have very bad behavior.
they should not discourage people to discontinue learning about the world because that would lead to a bigger and more serious worldwide problem: the lack of education.
now he way pounds and he is only .
everybody should have they own section for their age group.
second, they would check and compare hotels in .
the last reason why computers have a affect on people is because they help you with alot of things.
our eyes are looking, while our hands are fast at work over the keyboard.
in my mind we should all have computers because there fun and you can learn about everything you could think of so we should all have them.
i congradulate them on that"".
need computer to help us with research.
they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places, and it even allows people to talk to friends and family online.
dear , i think computers have good effects on people such as letting people talkto family or friends that live faraway.
he even told the concerned people what he expected to get.
people hear cuss words probably everyday, whether its at school or home.
if i was applying for a professional position of a job, i know i'll type my resume.
let the kids read atleast in highschool when they are all almost adults so they can read whatever they want
you could see earth, space the city and wuts going on in internet computer dosent effect the society dosent effect the society in makes it easyer.
if so you must enjoy it.
will that said they use computers anyone to say that computers are bad the that you love do while this.
computers can help re-establish old relationships with friends and family.
it is enjoyable to , talk, or email others.
i know that because i am driven to the world of computers.
we need to the of social without computer.
local newspaper computers are a big benefit too society, and without them a lot of things would'nt be possible.
readers, now you understand why computers are positive for your lives and everyone elses.
you could blabber in their ear all day about ''s responsible to do this and do this.'
i have noticed that a lot of teens around my age are starting to become obsessed with being on the computer.
computers help you physically but they can help you mentally as well.
to start, people that use computers too much.
they hold a lot of information about many different subjects that people go to learn about even if it be offensive to some people.
it doesnt matter what the past was like.
obeisity also branches from overuse of electronics along with other products.
the great websites for example search engines, dictionary even all virtually encourage us to learn about the ""riches"" the tropical .
they have kids, fiction, informational, and many more.
however, computers have more negative effects on people.
but no, that won't happen.
the computer is a great tool for communicating with other people.
computers greatly reduce that hassle.
also you can get very fat.
believe me it was not easy.
people are spending way to much time on computers because there addicted to them, over weight, and not getting any exercise.
games teach you to act with a team spirit.
in summation, help you find hotel or trip to go on with your friends or families.
it has grown extremely popular in chatting.
one reason i think we should get rid of computers is because people aren't getting there exercise.
some free time being on the computer is taken away, people will reward themself by taking care their bodies.
high are filled with pregnant teens.
with a computer, you could use skype to see now new the person.
each computer bought has given someone else a new expense.
i believe that advances in technology have had a negative affect on people.
another thing that you dont realizes when using a computer is that the you do from someone in your but from long distance places.
children have to learn these things some time in their life and i think the earlier they learn the less trouble it will cause them later in life.
that you havent seen or heard from in a long time.
i don't think that anything should ever be banned for what it says or shows or sounds like.
you can learn about other countries, you can read articles on news, also.
you get excited and feel your the smartest person in the world.
when you are always on the computer it erodes you eye-sight over time.
some people even must pay for rehab.
this is why computers have a positive effect on people and everyone should have a computer.
i truly believe that the planet would be better with out computers.
thus if we took books off the shelfs for being offensive their would be nothing to read except for 'the '!
of this many childrens grades could be affected.
the ozon layer is the only thing keeping the sun's ultra-violent rays from scorting us.
do you have picture files laying your house?
from my own experience, controversy is the reason that books are stricken from libraries.
parents do not want their child going to the library and picking up rude materials.
if we need communication we have phones.
bosses of companies use @caps2 to send to everyone so they're all on the same page.
it is also like a letter.
also pictures are bad for kids because most of the time they lead to inapropreit pictures.
first of all, when people spend a lot of time on the computer they aren't getting all of the exercise that their body needs.
then just grab the pluge and keep relaxing its easy.
to begin, i think having computers is a good idea because it helps people improve on their handeye coordination.
computers affect us in many ways that aren't noticed clearly or easily.
one decision is to either buy a weaker upgrade now or save for a stronger one in a little bit.
dear - local newspaper i agree thats computers are good for society.
computers are one of the most convenent things we have and i strongly suggest you would agree with me.
in this period, they do not eat at the day time.
thinks when the time a to, kids have to type up essays and prompts that its unimaginable.
would people be lazy, if computers weren't around?
the victem could see exactaly what he is doing and so could his and doctors.
if you have a computer you will have video games.
you could also make lots of new friends by going out doors.
many people have died useing the computer but thats because they obeused it.
instead,of not saying anything it won't get done or change it so it's not offensvie to others.
once people become better at sports, they're more likely to play them and become more healthy.
why are they abese you ask?
i know i dont.
i know for your company, having no computer would be a nightmare.
you wouldn't be learn anything if you play games on it all day.
when working out, at work, driving, or just siting at home.
newly explain, now they not online and got so close they !
most importantly, you can communicate with family and friends online through , , or .
not in our population but the size of our people!
they can be amazing for a while but only for a while.
computers help people create, listen to, watch and make music and .
all of these are reasons computers are helpful in educational proceeses, and should continue to be used.
the titles of the books are displayed on boards.
people should be made to realise their social and political responsibilities.
in this wasted time you could be out going for a jog or walking the day.
sheltering the younge is not too bright because they'll get curious of things and sometimes they dont tell us they just find out for themselves.
they have poisonous liquid is entered to the wound of it’s victim.
computers play a big role in the obesity factor.
while being offended by a book is bad, we must realize that some people are going through things that are way worse than that.
students would rather go on the computer.
wouldn't you say that having a computer in your house is helpful?
computers allow us to talk with people online.
they also have so much knowledge and there is never a dull conversationthem.
i don't agree i think the experts are correct that people are spending too much time on their computer.
people that work and have jobs, are mostly the ones on the computer, and a lot of them ar researching while working.
its that simple.
get out there and get a computer.
because of this monster the lost one of the worlds greatest and most deappest writers for the 's.
i'm not saying that you should just stop talking to people in person, and use , , , or and communicate.
in this day and age, flight schools require their students to complete hundreds of hours of flight simulators.
i would have to agree with the second group of people.
chatting online is also a terrible thing if you abuse .
going back to my introduction my first reason was you can find stuff online.
the old saying one should never judge a book by it's cover comes into litteral meaning with this particular subject.
but, you can also talk to your friends too.
finally, you'll be all alone because one will be there when you use trying to finally interact with your family.
however when you look at the facts a computer can teach a lot.
this can cause people in severe positions or even death.
many people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
in one way or another something provides information for people.
computers are bad for society.
as most of us knows, fresh air is good for us.
so then a guy finds out about it and send a message to the white house and that would save all the people in the white houses lives.
in conclusion i think that if a book is on a shelf, the book should be taken off if found offensive.
in my opinion we do not need computers.
in history we dont block any offensive events that take place so why should we removed any books that have offensive material in them.
the net came down to earth, as each pigeon left his weight to the carried by others.
newspapers publish government policies.
hope you enjoyed reading all about how they affect people.
if you read more you will see why i support these details.
dear , in a recent poll it was determined that of have used or come in contact with computers.
it wanders about in the plants.
electricys bills are trough the roughtalso instead og going out to meet people are staying home and talking on social networking sites which make them less social.
my mother always tells me when im bored not stay home because will get worse.
we should be kind to each other and speak politely.
we can check our taxes and stocks.
you can look up vaction spots.
doing many things on the computer can really help your hand-eye coordination.
information is most likiely the most frequent reason in which technology is used.
you can't not make something that is making fun of another race or a movie of killing them.
books are written by authors who believe they have the right to express themselves through writing.
i knew why those heighth requirements were set, for my personal safety.
one of the best things about computers is going online and chatting with friends.
this censorship is narrowed down to just inappropriate images, but religious, political, and cultural innuendo as well.
for one, they help in our educational processes.
i strangly believe that computers have a negative affect on society.
are many different types of books and music out and censoring these would greatly limit the variety.
there is rock in roll alot of people did not care for it.
lastly we will have many friends.
this is good depending on how long it takes.
they use them to much these for people can stop going to gyms and get over weight.
he's addicted to them!
while regular mail takes day to a week to get to another person.
the people don't turn off their computers to just go get some exercise but just sit there staring at the and messing up their eyesite.
they help students catch up or fully understand something.
i see the point people make about needing excersize and they're right.
instead go to a library.
many of us go to the library because we are looking for something in particular, rather than just browsing.
next, let's look at how you can chat or talk to people.
its a great idea because your child would'nt be open to the bad content.
these experts are judging computers too harshly, for it's not like everyone is zoning out in front of a glass screen, sucked into the world beyond.
lastly, computers have just as many disadvantages as they do advantages.
but, advances in technology also ruin this time belance of nature.
well is not because thats how the family gather and stop coming to visit you.
they have lots of websites for games.
the computer have sites where you can talk to friends but that is no where as good as seeing them in person.
even chats are avaibale for computer users.
some people were standing all around.
i don't know what i would do without it.""
for example a computer helps you study for a test with information websites like .
why put it on the shelves of libraries then?
wouldnt it be great to use computers in everyday life?
it affects school work and how they behave.
after a long day at school teens go from the bus, to the front door, to their computer chair.
you can even talk to people online from around the world!
come on this is !
ms says the computer game has helped her.
what if they showed you a cool video on youtube explaining ?
you can even play games on the computer.
travelling in a desert is very difficult and dangerous.
yesterday i reached the bus stop a little earlier than usual.
computers help people around the world to connect with other people computer help kids do their homework and look up staff that happen around the world.
first was they can teach kids bad thing.
because of overpopulation, there are unemployment, poverty and food problems.
its not fair for the ones like me to not be able to read, listen, or watch what we want to.
in/around the 's, if you wanted to find information, the only resort was...books.
i think that we should remove all of these bad things from the world to help the kids and childern become better people in the world.
instead of using their computer all the time they shoul exercise hang out with their friends and family and just enjoy nature.
so come and see why computers are a good choice to have and use.
well as you see this are my three main reasons for keeping a computer in your house and using it in a good and productive way.
was killed by a speeding car, and , wife, was not even shocked to hear it.
why would you travel in a place is you back.
if you need to tell them something, there is no need for a phone.
such websites in once the addiction highly such as facebook, myspace, and youtube.
i enjoy reading.
so i asked my mom i can go to she said yes.
all you had to do is type it in and it gives you a lot of information.
moving your fingers doesnt count as exercise and it wastes energy.
you can get addicted to one subject until you lose everything else you have.
by not exercising, this could really affect people's health.
if libraries have inappropriate books, movies, music, ect.
i don't see as often as i had used to, but with my computer wide open in my bedroom i can chat online with her almost everyday.
do you mean, how?
finally, computers have established amazing entertainment for people of all ages.
this is a question you must think about when making this important decision.
some people want the books off the shelves some people don't.
at every click of your mouse there are new things to learn.
but removing books from shelves isn't fair to anyone.
computers are amazing tools if used properly and in moderation.
one man stood in front of a tank, resisting to move, showing courage and wanting a democracy.
this contact with new people is just one way that computer is croaden one's horizons.
look around, are their little children around.
i beleive that what the librarians did was right.
she also stopped reading the bible in her spare time to go on the internet.
plagarism is when you take some ones work and put your name on the.
by addiction, you lose your friends and you damage your social enviornment.
my family also believes that at my age right now i should not watch rated movies.
yesterday i went to the new delhi railway station to receive my uncle.
just like that, their message is sent to another computer for others to read and enjoy.
you are concerned about people whom own computers aren't spending time either excircising, enjoying nature, or not interacting with their family.
of all the places, taking things off of the library shelves is not going to do justice of what really needs to be done
dear readers of has been borught to my attention that there is dilema on the effect of computers on people.
computers can be a very good thing to have around.
we bought tickets and then returned to the train.
if we allow books to begin to be removed from the shelves, we will not be able to stop it.
in my opinion, i think all movies, books, music, video games, etc., shouldn't be banned.
not for anything bad.
computers dont exercise your body, or your mind!
my second reason is the less people on the computer means less cyberspace bullying.
you have to pay for the gas plus you have to drag yourself out of the house to get in the car to go to the library.
one time i went into the library and i picked out a book about a haunted house.
people should stop doing this you forget to exercise nature and to spend time with you friends and family.
in conclusion, if you are allways on the compute that's not good.
well i belive that it does not have a positive ofect on people.
these magazines should have a section just for those magazines.
they came from neighboring villages.
people have computers and go on them daily.
while i was in middle school every day i would have a book with me to read.
then preach his doctrine to laymen.
i think censorship should somewhat be in libraries, but not to the extreme.
computers are a great tool to use.
that's what i thought.
also if the liberian should know whats appropiate for the library.
for example let's say that your friends are planing on going to yhis huge beach party that every one is going to.
finally, computers limit the amount of time spent with family nd friends.
computers let you keep in touch with family stay up to date with friends and are an excelent source of entertainment long trips or downtime.
for example my friend moved to , we couldn't talk on the phone.
communication is key, and technology is close the best and fastest way to use communiocation.
everyone should have computers, because you can search different things.
you frogot what page of the book your suspose to read.
overall i think it is completely wrong for books to be removed from libraries for people complaining about them being offensive
some of you think a computer can increase social skills, and you are dead wrong!
as i just proved everything you can physicly you can do on the computer.
books, movies, magazines, music, and most of all, life.
a lot of teenagers are spending more and more time on the computer, playing games and going on their favorite websites.
computers help re-connect with people.
dear editor, computers are good for people because it really helps with they work and home work and other stuff.
they are my three m's and i live by them.
you need to go outside and breathe in air and be in nature.
some people believe that computers are a positive effect to people, but its positive because it rots you brain.
there are meat seller and fish mongers calling people to buy
do you like to travel?
parents don't se etheir kids as much because they are always on the computer.
bullying is not the answer to everything, even though many think it is it is not.
to whomever this concern, your life without a laptop or a desktop computer.
in the the computer is very popular people aboulutly love it!
there is also websites people use to talk to loved ones like twitter, myspace, yearbook, aim, skype ect.
with the new computers, people are able to talk with people all over the world.
i, without slight hesitation, stand against censorship in every way.
i understand the concern for parents on censorship in public libraries, but there is a way to stop it.
there are so many possibilities in exercising people do not use their computer as much.
and last my finall reason is being active.
in my opinion it doesn't really matter whether your homosexual or not you have to understand that everyone is different in there own way.
most likely, they would not even notice a change.
the material is not serious enough.
say the boss on a the but to see how he employees were doing withness him he could hook up a web cam and have a conversation with them.
i agree that people should not spend so much time on computer.
in a survey taken at should that of people are on computer and not interacting with the people around them.
if you find a book that is considered to be taken off the shelves, don't remove it, just move it to a more secure and mature area
now-a-days the technological industries are taking over the modern soceity and are captivating users making them virtually addicted.
i can just go on the computer and search whatever i want.
it has helped mankind so much from buildings to new inventions.
well people sit inside all day just taking a peek out the window, but don't think about going outside.
there is a movie out now that is rated and is extremely scary.
she stays up there all the time, and when my mom calls for dinner, it takes more than five to get her away from her computer.
some say the computer is good hand eye coordination but catching a football or hitting is bettre.
also you can us othere people that are planing the game game as you.
my last reason why computers have a benefits in society is because computers help to make better technology.
people are being too much self-centered.
all they want to do is go on the computer.
that is the society we live in and poeple will have to accept that fact.
whenever i read magazines usually they are about sports or cars, so i don't read much about offensive things that are going on, if they are.
and instant messaging also give out society fast, easy communication with others.
for example you can also ask questions that you don't understand and people would answer your question.
at industries, , the , says, " i dont know where our business would be if we didn't use computers. "
she wasnt prepared when came, time to show what you had so she didnt make the softball team.
people are entitile to their own oppinion about things.
a computer can not teach you how to feal only a real life experience can do so.
on websites like wikipedia any one has the ability to change what is written on the page.
some suggest that a certain book is obscene, while others be offended by a different book.
that will be the kids will get fat and kids will never want to go out side they will want to play video games, eat junk food.
she is very careful of our hygiene.
as a famous colonial revolutionary once said, ' me liberty, or me death!'
in movies we always see the smart kids getting picked on and it seems like the athletes get all of the attention.
it seems like the computer another reason for america growing obese.
my second reason why computers are good is because people will have the ability to learn about the different states and countries.
it really excites me when i think of flying like a bird in the sky.
if there is a burglar going around, people can find out, and lock all doors and windows.
, is a lot of positive things about technology, especially computers.
i think censorship in libraries is wrong.
so why would we want to take them away?
we would be living in a much more healthy and clean word.
this is because when you are looking for a job that pays good you will most likly have to me how to type and operate a computer.
some street beggars are thieves who cheat people and steal their things.
dear , you know that of spend to much time on their computers.
another reason comuters don't benefit society is that you aren't interacting with friends and family.
computers are coming out with new features everyday and who know theyll be like...
i grew up with out censoreship.
if you walk into a store or video store there are so many different things that children are exposed to.
exercise is probably are one of the most important thing to live along and healthy life.
if you type in the adress and the internet will give you directions.
they are good sources of information, its a good way to talk with your friends and it gives you information about places that you might not know about.
dear , have you ever thought about people's veiws on certain technolgy?
like katherine said won't be any books left if its all taken off
want a different curser, you can change that to!
you can talk to people from other places.
libraries are meant to provide information to people so i think thats all that they should have
sometimes people have sloppy handwriting.
i think facebook and e-mail and ( ) are a great way to be socially interactive.
i don't know about you but i love things fast and easy.
computers these days enable you to talk with friends, do research and projects, and let you book flights and buy cars.
but its also making there life very in healthy.
three for, computers are simply too dangerous, a predator's thumbbook as they search for their next victim.
the solution to that problem is simple create a seperate room in stores that sell these items and label the room adult section.
secondly, students like to listen to music.
the teacher left the class.
even if it's sex, or fights or even language.
the internet is an ideal way to get information the moment it happens.
and for the people who don't read it, they are doing it because they know it will offend them.
i do think however, that books should be placed in the secton that they belong.
good thing her mom saw it, otherwise something bad would happend.
you can just about get any book there you want to read.
for example everyday i get out of school i do my homework and i go run a mile.
computers teach hand-eye coordination too.
the hours used up on the computer could be the time in which you are exercising.
i agree with the newspaper, people are spending too much time on the computer and not exercising.
they can be seen selling their eatables and tempting the hungry disgruntled people.
i think we should have it so it cant hurt and kids so everyone would be right in life
people are just getting to fat from sitting and doing nothing all day.
so if you dont like a particular book, maybe you should try looking in a different area.
if everyone were to take a book they did not like off the shelf then there would be a little selection at the libraries.
if you think about it, they can actually help you learn with all those different programs they have.
is the only one who know long she will deal with the pain.before she stops fighting for her life.
if they hurt your feelings then you know not to read, listen or watch it again.
if i were an expert i would have nothing to worry about concerning computers.
we have come to the conclusion that we need, not want, but need computers in our life.
it allows parents to have their children closely monitored without actually monitoring them.
they need a maricle to pop up away from the computer.
now everybody would have to do what i wish.
dear local newspaper: i strongly feel that computer technology has a neagtive affect on the people of our society.
so no need getting mad over it.
as the sun’s rays are so strong we cannot watch them
there are the reasons to why i think that people should less time on the internet, and more outdoors.
in myopinion computers are a good sorce imformation, camuni-cation and business computers make things easier.
of are obiese.
it's good to get offended sometimes.
when our children grow up, we want them to beahve in a responsible way.
three main reason as to why i think there are more negative impacts than positive and constructive impacts from computers are is a very big issue.
i belive that people should be able to have freedom of speech.
a lot of people believe that books are what hurt a lot of today's society.
certainly it can't be to good that your entire life is documented on a place where anyone can go.
then they will love me.
had his dad come get him from the party.
for example the job.
when you are on the phone, it is a quick and easy way to communicate not waiting for somebody to type back.
fewer people went out to admire its beauty.
however, people say that computers give the wrong information many times, but you find a wonderful website, it will never lie to you.
in my opinion, computers are a wonderful resource that will soon become a household item.
most of the time people have to do essays.
people should be happy about the computer invention.
dear sun, i find that computers are very useful.
i believe by following these simple steps, staying active, staying off the computer and spending time with the family.
people get called names all the time.
honestly there's alot of books and magagives that need to be taking off the self.
while in the public library it is the exact opposite, (unless the case in a children's public library).
slowly, slowly i started to put on heavy, awful faton myself, and later i found out i was over weight my age.
by using computers rather than interacting with them, you are the connections you have.
computers have been thought to advance our society because of its abiliyt to show websites containing rast and diverse research.
let these books serve their purpose.
in the , many more people are becoming obese, creating unhealthy genes to be passed on.
sometimes just the reading is read wrong and misunderstood.
in conclusion i believe computers are a great thing to have espicially in this modern society.
could this be because of the lack of hand eye coordination of those students?
censoring what is available at the library would make finding books harder for other people.
its all lost in some pile of papers.
we should'nt have censorship and take down all the books that should be contained from kids.
when my friends and i were learning about evaluating websites in computer processing class we came upon a site that seemed reliable, and accurate.
when you play basketball, you can catch the ball and still throw it if you have good coordination.
computers take away from some activities but think of how much harder and more stressful things will be without it.
everyone is entitled to their own opinion, but there really is nothing anyone can do if someone is offended.
just by using computer.
this is why computers do benefit society.
but just because a group of people say it's wrong is there a need to completely abolish from the ?
so, don't spend all your time alone with a machine, be with your loving family and chairish each moment.
the last reason is because computers can give ability to learn more about things they didnt know before.
the generations now are tough and they wont let down.
but to much is not good.
neptune is the farthest planet.
computers do not help families come toigether they separate them.
also, i believe that the public is spending so much time on computers that they are not able to go out and exersize.
computers are a great benifit to us and can be useful and fun.
then, for his birthday his parents bought him a computer!
of students that go to school either have facebook, , and .
computers can be a nice little break after all your homework is done.
a lot people can talk for hours on the computer and that is what takes up their time instead of going outside.
all modern means of transport have made traveling very easy.
that affects a lot of people because there are a lot of people working on their computer for there jobs and they have to use the computer.
not from what people like, but by genera or age differences.
people learn through playing new things and why not play with your favorite characters.
they get older you won't be able to tell them want to do or want not to do.
it doesn't sound hard does it?
you are able to interact with people by meeting them online and then them on public.
this was one of the most popular places in the .
the addictive games and electronic features lead you to believe that the people or you see are real life situations and activities.
once again if life cant be censored then we shouldnt consor anything else.
these people shouldn't be stopped by the ones who don't like the topic.
it is taking away the knowledge for our children.
do you want to be overweight and not be in shape?
if you are on something where you are talking to people you don't know, they can find out things about you and can do to you.
of the working humans is a larger amount.
i do not believe that this should be done.
in fact, the real life situation would seem to be more offensive.
to start with basic, some people get too obsessed with computers.
i agree with her in the sense that we can not take certain books off the shelves in our library.
should offensive or graphic books be removed from the libary?
if i were to name everything to do other than use a computer, it wouldn't fit in this entire newspaper.
whether it's studying the world, having fun, or talking to people you know, the computer has many wonderous things for people
however, everyone is entitled to their own opinion about them.
it also lets you communicate with your family, friends, or other people you need to communicate with.
once youre online friends you can instant message, video chat, look at their status, and browse their photos.
some of those websites are facebook and chatme.com.
this is important because it shows that people don't need to be defandent on computers when they can do everything they need to without them.
books are known to do this to people.
she believes that she can recieve surgery to fix her big nose that the kids at school tease her about.
computerized can take over jobs quicker, easier, and cheaper.
i think that computers help people in many ways, like teaching a hand-eye coordination.
the nicotine attracks you so once you start, it is very hard to quit.
almost all the things and materials in this world are liked and disliked all based upon opinions.
the right is ours and thats how is should stay
an unhealthy person will remain unhappy and dispirited.
they cause social depression, which cause people to have anxiouty problems.
why not e-mailing them on your computer?
they are great for communication, learning, and shopping.
would you like to have a portion of your freedom taken away?
dear local newspaper, i believe that there is nothing wrong with being on the computer.
you can research faraway people and places to see what life is like around the globe.
dear local , i think that computers are good for people to have.
its up to you!
a lot of magazines have stories about celebreties that are very bad, sad, and private.
someone dosen't own a phone or they can't make the call, all these is to be in you on the computer.
however, pretty could that be compared to enjoying nature beatity?
why not now?
we must use computers only when neccesary in order to stay healthy.
they even have tools on computer.
who knows developing social skills could help you in the future.
spending all your time sitting down on the computer means less time outside exercising.
plus where ever you go you will find the internet.
but when i am on the computer i can chat with them and have a fun time.
trees give us fruits for food and flowers for pleasure.
tursns out, wasn't.
if you are going to read a book, do not get a book that is offensive.
with computers we can now talk istantly with people over the internet.
as a student, i will admit that the computer is a very tempting distraction and can easily pull a student away from their studies.
the lion can be seen in asian and african forests.
information and how individuals seek it has evolved and is still changing at a rapid pace.
we shouted at the top of our voices.
well, since we have computers a lot of people don't read newspaper.
i do believe they should be remooved for those various reasons.
well, you've read my arguments and ideas.
would you like to discover new things and explore amazing mysteries around the world?
when kids are on computers they are sitting their doing nothing.
this can be a big problem.
first, computers are used for education around the world.
well, the only reason is uncensored books at the library.
are talking about the health this !
, i can tell you reason why.
books so the human body they do not hid the human body we should know about the human body.
i, personally, can't even begin to imagine how difficult it must be for them to learn.
the computer can also help with business.
it does improve hand-eye coordination, if you play the right games.
when friends go over other friend's houses, they just sit on the computer.
maybe you can go on or or or even your email.
this is because of less exercise, less time to enjoy nature, and interacting with family and friends.
with a computer, though, you can send emails all around the globe... at no extra cost.
more and more cases have samt to the people being addicted to their computers.
i believe that if you do not like the books then stay away from them.
more than children use a computer to start with the begenings their skills.
it is not possible to test in three hours what a student has learned during the whole year.
if we could travel back in time, we would most likely see kids hanging around the streets.
certainly that will extend our life exsentency, and who doesn't want you've larger's some people say that people are too glued to their computer screens.
you can go on the internet and look up directions.
if we're talking about my friends, family, my girlfriend, that's totally different.
also helps kids like to find information for reports and.
my last reason why computers are good to have around is.
for example, i help my sister with her multiplication on a math game we have.
papper telling how are black communties are failing.
they watch inappropriate movies, when they should be watching something educational.
along with websites, games and networks are also very popular and addictive.
social networks on the web makes connecting with lvoe ones easier and more affordable.
a survey done by the () showed that of between ages are overweight because of their computer use.
the computer could also be useful for planning a vacation.
just imagine how often you'd get lost without your directions from.
there is simply some material that is not appropriate for children, and it should not be put in our public libraries.
man can live a happy life only if he plants more trees.
dear local newspaper, i think spending to much time on a computer is bad.
furthermore the last reason i would like to commit is that learning about the world is very important for the young and old.
there is where all of the family will either become broke with no money or food.
lastly, is a website where you can add friends from all around the world!
they carry her in their arms like a puppy, as she is lighter and softer to handle.
and you want to talk to your friends.
yes because children should not be reading anything thats is like that.
they allow people to easily stay informed on world news.
computers are a huge impact on society, but do they make everything better?
there is even at home colleges now where you take your class online.
hand-eye coordination is an important skill that many people lack.
dear of my local newspaper, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
so why not just video chat i know you wouldn't wanna spend hundreds of dollars a phone call bill!
some adult come into the library looking for one of these books, so then they can ask and find them.
she looks, and researches it.
lastly, it is a great communication strategy.
since they don't relesase many endorphins, so they aren't very happy.
i feel that it is ok to go on the computer to do research or bok vacations.
however, they are not taught how bad they can be for you health when used too much."
a computer is emensly important when trying to communicate with friends.
first of all, spending too much time on the computer is not good for you because you should be out exercising.
even for buisnesess using those internet communications you can communicate to people if your going to be late.
if you're doing a report on for school it would be a lot of fun to go to for a few days to learn about it.
you will never see the world for what it is.
you might think or say that when you are on the computer you cant socialize with family and friends.
if you go to the school web page then theres a link that brings you in a math games.
there are some non-fiction books out there that can marked as 'offensive', and they are just that non-fiction.
he is one of the brightest students of our school.
this is because most teens sit inside watching or going on the internet instead of being active.
it can be fun chatting, educational or hard working.
apps suchn as the calculater saves time from doing all the work on a piece of paper.
you pack appropriatly, and you have a great time.
my family will send e-mails back and forth with them.
when up got picture, typed up paper, saved our was empty!
how feel if no one called and told you your bestfriend died or your mom, and you had to find out by reading the newspaper?
you can spend hours playing live with others in detailed @caps1 world!
everyone today gets offeneded daily.
would you like to set your children up to fail?
when long-distance phone calls are too expensive most of the world and i rely on computers to talk to out far-away friends.
if the person spoke fluently in and than he or she could teach you.
, computers offer many learning opportunities.
sometimes reading these works can be enjoyable, other times it can be rather disturbing.
eliminating computers from our lives we will create a happy and more pleasent society for the people of the .
if the world never reported accidents, would be too much crime and terror.
normally, they would miss their homework.
so why do we need to be more carefull with the books we put in our libary and the books we take out of our libary?
i think the top level or a certain area should be the adult area.
for one, why should the books come off of shelves because some people do not like the plot of the series?
without offensive books for the public to read, will create a better environment for the people living today.
i will just turn it off or not read it anymore.
they are worried that their child/children have a hard time seeing.
there are various reasons why i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
this leads to my finally topic.
or maybe you just want to know about this country because it interested you.
because there are billions of people on this earth and i doubt they would all give you the same answer.
his salary is very low.
furthermore, people spend less time interacting with family and friends.
like example they can read load and also they can do the same book with others words.
i would definetly say that i interact with my family quite a bit.
my house has three bedrooms and a drawing-cum-dining room.
the importance of computers in the modern world.
dear newspaper: i have just read your recsent article on a weather computers are helping, or recking society.
next, i feel that if your constantly on the computer, then your parents will have an extremely high light bill.
you can stay in touch with realtives.
advertisement many be make-believe, but it has to stay.
i want on my computer to much and got faty fitting lack of exercise and ate unhealty.
in fact, people had recived information about faster with the invention of the computer.
in 's society there are many kids who are hurting and are getting into bad things.
if there is something found offensive to the people i dont think it should be removed because it might just be in the wrong section.
so help you yourself and use computers make life easyer.
they can deprive children from excersizing, enjoying nature and spending time with family and friends.
in conclusion, internet these days are very good for people.
that is why i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
many people don't like computers.
it allows you to talk whenever you want, whenever you want!
he is my class fellow.
as you can see the internet has its advantaes because you would have nvever thought you will see your friend doing.
i this machine because you don't have to buy something that just come out the real expensive you can just online and a cheaper .
then the adult books and magizenes should be in their own section.
there are thousands of books in libraries, which are inapproriate and some that are.
also the computer has millions of iinformation.
so if you would please under stand we got to read all of our parents favorite child hood books.
two, spend less time exercising.
they use it to learn hand-eye coordination, learn about faraway places, and talk online to other.
i realy my second brain, it has .
i think computers have a very positive effect on people.
nowadays, many jobs use computers.
writing articles on a typewriter or by hand would surely be a hassle.
i personally think that computers are good.
also, faster communication is extremely helpful in certain circumtances, such as an occurance in a workplace causing the area to be off-limits.
they help education by providing information about and for schools.
people know what they like and don't like, so if there is something that you don't like then don't listen to it or read it.
offensive is a relative word.
i remember one time in particular.
once again my reasons for writing where people can talk to other people online, learn about faraway places, and finally hand-eye coordination.
so not only is getting the information then you would've learned in the first place, thereby, extending your knowledge.
computers benefit society by using online.
but after that they'll continue doing their daily routine, but alot of teens are on the computer everyday and rarley get exercise.
i have also grown many flowers.
anything that keeps you moving out of the house ins tead of using computers!
the reason why is family and friends are distant, mood swings can occur and also being overweight, finally computers can do a lot of things far.
it is also used for generating electricity and building houses.
just like rated movies, or rated video games.
there are book if you need information.
how would you learn more about them if they're gone?
there are three main reasons why libraries should not be censored.
consumers are constanly taking these items off the shelves without realizing what they are really buying.
it seems like in today's writing you can pick up just about anything and somone will find it offensive.
after being in a computer-oriented friendship, people tend to forget how to act face to face and find personal meetings awkward.
isn't nature so great when you exsperiance it?
computers are a great way to research a topic, and thats why they should not be gotten rid of.
people of the have the freedom of speech and taking away books from libraries is partially taking away that right.
don't you want your children to grow up with great hand-eye coordinatio?
they should just get rid of it.
if cenorship was used everywhere schools wouldn't be able to teach half of the material they teach today and kid would have nothing to involved.
yes, i might stay up countless hours, talking to my friends on facebook, but to me that's a part of being a kid.
as said earlier, using a computer can improve hand-eye coordination.
but if you can just go on your computer and talk to them there's going to be no charge.
instead of sitting at the computer all exercise.
there are many online colleges where you can learn the lessons online and on your own time which is good if your really busy.
they are meant for learning purposes and for work or school.
scientist agree that kids who have dinner and play with their families get better grades in school.
as we all know, obesity is a factor in the and around the world.
as she was checking him out she was making small talk and asked, ' did you like your book, ?'
so more and more people buy computers each year.
the computer can give you great information but only if you know how to use it.
finnaly they don't spend enough time with family and friends.
when it is rape the juice is very smelling and tasty.
this splendid information is easier to aquire thanks to the technowlogy of computers. ""
although, sometimes the child stray away from its parents it is not very likely that the parent will not notice.
offensive books not being put on shelves will hopefully create a healthful environment for appropriate behavior.
the present is all that matters and in my opinion everyone deserves the same.
throughout the entire year, i video chat with her through computer because it is a whole lot easier than flying there.
in school use computers all of the time for writing papers and researching different things.
you could go online and meet new people in chat rooms and online games.
libraries should pull inappropriate media off of their shelves because it can corrupt a child's mind.
that can lead to fatness.
i think parents should try and do all they can to keep certain things out of the reach of their children.
as they are used for entertainment, education, and talking with people faraway, they have had a negative effect on people.
if someone sits at their computer all day eating the food is not being worked off, so it all turn to fat.
instead of taking it off the shelves the person could just not read it.
note taking on the computer can be used for easy to read notes to study from to get a good grade on an upcoming test or quiz.
student's put most of their notes on a laptop and study what they did in class on the computer.
but now people are talknig to their friends online or in computer games instead of going to the them.
among all other ties, friendship brings immense joy to our life.
most people have there own type of everything.
i have to you like and that why we send every one of them to school of every year.
physical and psychological defects are cured by colour therapy.
they give us research, they help us with school and buiesnessess and they allow us to talk to people around the world.
their on all the time, and don't realize their not spending any time with their family.
without computers, people would be less educated about the people, cultures, and the world we live in .
computers help with education, career building, and helps people connect with family.
going to the library for a book on your report would consume extra time.
without computers everything would be so much harder.
three out of five homework assignments are on the computer.
computers have had a negative impact on today's society.
we need to inform our state about this problem.
additionally, many things that are found offensive to one person can make something more interesting to someone else.
in closing, computers cause a lack in exercise, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends.
if people do not like the books in the library then they should not go to the library to get books.
this is due to the extremes in censorship that are being placed on libraries and schools in general.
will if so then you should read my newspapper actle.
i check it almost everyday when i come home from school.
a effective skill to learn would be hand-eye coordination, the benefits of this would be outstanding.
they wont care for everybody, but them selfes there you have it; that is why i think we should cut down on the computer usage.
next warming is mealting the polar ice caps.
i think that maybe certain books and magazines should be removed.
computers are very addicting in terms of , and online games.
the question is, should we censor materials in libraries if it is offensive?
younger people find more interest in the things that seeem like a dream, or things that seem so unreal.
do you like your computer?
people that estimate the cost of a building need it for adding something or keeping a record.
especially when you get older and have children.
material that might be offensive to one person might have a valuable intrest in another person.
but what if i told you that any person could put anything on the internet?
in school they will hear verbal arguments and see fights.
it is a part of the very structure of our country to allow all information to be shared freely.
lastly, using computers helps teach responsibility.
in conclusion, i deffinately think computers have a positive effect on people for the reasons i have stated.
computers are advancing and so are their uses, computers are great and they are not our thought process or went to run around outside and play sports.
there's a famous quote that goes, ""the largest room in the world, is the room for improvement.""
in the us we are known for accepting all different types of lifestyles, and religions; this is one reason i think censorship is against policy.
that is my solution.
my last reason why computer are sutch a great thing to have is because you can do do mutch with music on the computer.
(did not finish)
if you put bad things in your mind that is all you will begin to think about and it will become a part of your life
what would you do?
you can learn about whats happenings in other parts of the world, you can learn things about celebrities, and you can look at the weather.
computers are just the bigginning.
well instead of going through a book and possibly searching for hours, finding that information on the internet would be so much faster!
well if you have a computer, it is a great way to research a topic for school.
in my opinion computers are good, for many reasons.
if your on the computer most of the time at home, how would you get your exercise?
usually it's cool because you could learn things your teacher never new.
lastly, people are losing their desire to do everyday things.
he has passed his middle school examination.
you have a project for school and you need the right information.
maybe perhaps a fmaily member is dieing and you rather spend time on the instead of with that family member.
they are teaching us something.
this is not a good idea for spending the holidays.
first, computer let learn about faraway places without leaving the rooms.
yes, sex is good for you but would you want to teach that to ounger kids that fast.
with the new technology, people can send emails within seconds instead of running around the entire office giving out memos.
also you could use email to communicate with others although it travels slower than other of electronic communication.
lastly, job aplications.
but atleast you went to , or or somewhere.
ok so computers do help life in teen years.
dear , computers are a helpful advantage in the 's life.
another example is when ever i check out a magazine on computers it tells me that kids get alot of information when they're doing projects of the time.
when it is turned away, it is the night time.
more and more people use computers but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
i conclusion there are reasons why a computer is good like hand eye coordinations learning about faraway places.
all the student would have to do is type in a few words on the internet and hundreds of websites pop about any topic he wants to learn.
social networking websites, like facebook, games websites like , and also websites like can be very tempting and distracting when you should be doing homework.
computers also help you find things you need really fast, like food restrants and the closest malls, or even jobs!
don't wait another minute!
to late it already has.
if there were no computers, then this is what would happen to children.
they need to learn about things now so their futures arent hanging by a thread.
i would not wnat a young kid to read bad things.
never the less computers are a great way to comunicate with friends or family.
so yes let year olds on up watch rated films.
they consider themselves ""too busy"" for a thing called exercise which is becoming more and more curcial to our health and well-being.
lastly, i think computer have a positive effect on people becuase you can interact with people around te world.
some random person colud just start talking to you and ask you to meet them some where which could be dangerous.
the air is fresh and free of dust and smoke.
that she would be better off without him there.
the internet keeps us updated and informed on whats going on all around the world without even going there.
using these tools cut down an stress and leaves you less frustrated.
this improved skill will help her enourmously in her future when she soon begins to play sports, and ride bikes.
you don't want to lose that friendship right?
do you believe everyone should express themselves through their own culture, or have their own opinions?
having the ability to communicate with soemone easily is an unbeliveable privalige, that would be none existant without computers to help us.
a website that is the best for finding out accurate facts is www.ask.com.
computers breed had communication and you can easily communicate other ways with family and friends.
it teach hand-eye coordination however it does not keep you fit and healthy.
many express their religion by means of music and culture.
dear , i am on the side of computers.
what would we do without them?
upon finding a book that is offensive, the reader then can make that decision, and not read the book.
in 's society, nudity is becoming a big issue in movies and also in books.
there needs to be tougher ristrictions on music.
it is something i utilize everyday in order to communicate with my friends and distant realitive.
another reason why is that a school project or essay.
can create an interest in other cultures, and shape our opinions discover things about other places.
another reason why computers are is because you can type essays & papers, , change you of computers are bad to computers make us !
people have made beter connections with family and friends, and even have the ability to make new ones.
the football player ocho-cinco ""tweets"" all the time but that doesn't mean he doesn't get exercise.
in fact, of all the people in this who owns a , is addicted to computers.
that doesn't too bad.
the reason i say the computers are helpful is because it helps give direction helping the economy and because you can send messages thru quickly (instant messaging).
dear , to start off i would like to give my opinion on using compuers too much.
because of the growing population of those who use computers, companies tend to make computer shoes, which usually attracts viewers by the thousands each day.
you get to make your own animation clips or even a movie.
computers are great, they're great because of these reasons.
consequently, computers help a lot you keep in touch with friends all over the world.
i learn stuff from the computer, and it is a fun thing to go on.
it makes you stronger.
only fun and energized people get out and get active.
there are many shopping sites online, such as .
in addition, some books in the library are used for informational text.
computers aren't a benefit to our society today.
you must go out and enjoy nature.
others might only use it for chat and e-mail.
disks and listen to music and watch films.when you use a
did you know that you can literally but from on your computer.
if you want to listen to a song download it in seconds and listen to your.
for example, if you did not know a conversion it is easily found on the internet.
a computer is a big need in today's growing technological advances.
therefor if items were being removed from a public place that gives that, would not let this happen.
a couple years ago i can remember reading an article in the newspaper about a kid shooting his father in the head.
you can try to pay your bills online and send your money to the wrong websites.
in more than of family ate dinner together now, only eat together usually because they are in separate rooms in front of a moniter.
stores can show buyers everything they have to offer including store locations.
parents should try and remove all books that are offense to their children because that can have a real bad affect on them.
when people think of libraries they picture this cold place with and old mad lady telling you to be quiet.or they just picture this books every where .
governer, says, "" and phones are destroying this society.
but i was unable to get over my fear.
of course, there are few other causes that lead to ill health.
first, computer is a helpful machine in diffrent ways, like i personally go on computer and check for my homework with it.
if you started takeing these things out,thers a good possibility that you'll loose everything,books and your people.
dear newspaper, i belive that computers have a very positive effect on people.
it could very well take away from one's personal growth.
if we start getting rid of all the offensive material, many people will be offended that in itself.
dont we have a say in this?....
the computers can make you relax because you don't have to be around people and you can just tell the computer to do what ever you want.
to whom concern, the joy of just clicking a mouse and all of the sudden you are talking with a friend you haven't seen in years.
he always speaks politely so that the patients feel comfortable.
they now have facebook.
however, two in three wont do so.
you want to be so heavy that you can't even lift yourself out of bed?
doctors, police officers, and banks use computers for thier job and it helps us go through are everyday lives with ease.
this is a great way to educated.
i want to live a humble life.
libraries have tons of books from comedy all the way to violent.some people like reading books about war and violence while others find it offencive.
high guidance counselor says that out of friendships are ruined because kids dont spend enough face to face time with their friends but are on the computer.
you can also study food s that people eat and the clothes they wear.
kids & adults are constantly getting addicted to it.
also if you somewhere faraway you can watch videos about that place.
he was also able to send us pictures, which helped because we all missed his face.
talk to far away friends and family without high phone bill.
by katherine paterson has its own opinion.
if a four-year old tried to buy two tickets to see a rated movie the theater would not sell him the tickets because he is not yet off age.
lastly, their bills will get higher.
in some cases some teens were harrased online so bad they committed suicide.
having a computer you could do a lot of homework.
this will drastically change how we learn about news.
they should go on a family trip and enjoy together!
you can put it as your background on the desktop.
these avandces in technology are good for human society.
another example is computers can find information on famous people no one knew about.
physical fitness is a condition for mental alertness.
the internet is a best cache of information.
are living a modern time, society is advancing everyday and computers are a huge part of it!
(takes away boredom and lets them get good hand eye coordination) computers also benefit sociaty by letting people has such technology.
firstly, the people who are consently people, facebooking people, or on myspace aren't getting exercise.
once child read an article , book.
if the was never invented how would you talk to people from around the world.
everyone has their on thoughts on what they like, if theres a topic you don't like you probably know least about it.
in my opinion computers do not have a good effect.
people have different criteria when it comes to deciding a level of offensiveness.
i also understand that there are people who write books about mexican jokes, black jokes, etc.
as you know it computers are a part of our lives, but is it positive or negitive?
also, with a computer, you never get put on hold or hear a busy signal.
you can use google.com and look up different cultures and find out how the stuff they do is different from us and what kind of food they eat.
some of these effects include developing skills to help people for present or future, getting a better education and helping people to become more social.
this time she made an excuse, but how many times is she going to make up an excuse.
also computers are causeing warming and are eventually goung to flood the earth.
no this would not happen just because someone hates or dislikes something it could very well be something someone loves and enjoys.
networks like , , and have be saying that the computers are turning the people in lazy goodd for notings.
specifically, baseball.
i like reading books about teenage problems and like to know all the different ways people have overcome them and see how they live.
now its your turn don't just stare at your computer screen absent mindley.
techniques and how to research any topic.
then their problem is solved.
you can learn, play, and be free.
kids read about crazy things that aren't necessaarily teaching you anything.
so get of the computer and go !
allows someone to talk to another person using the computer.
thank you for time.
computers are a part of most peoples everydaylives, and essential to most bussiness.but the common question in our society is, are computers really benefitting us?
be the healthy, happy person, and lay off that computers, so that you can get the best of life!
and if that happens, then there would be no more books on the shelves.
whenever that a research is the internet.
each person should be able to make a decision depending on what they believe.
and some deaths are around by a heart attack.
next reason is to go outside, you can enjoy more stuff like sports, tag, and other activities.
computers can make it easier to find certain places by using search engines such as or they are also a way of communication.
its rediculous how people will e-mail a friend thats down the street.
i spend most of the day on my computer doing homework than off it.
those who are, should be taken off the shelfs, especially if it is in a school library.
since they are always on the internet, they don't spend alot of time with their families.
another reason is that it helps people learn about different cultures, religions, or traditions.
dear local newspaper, i heard what you were saying about if computers are a good or bad thing.
schools use computers everyday for kids to do reports on, find information, and do homework on too.
you use ur hands on evry thing while typing wether you are typing or you are using the mouse.
it also shows people around the world the culture, style, language and many more facts about places around the world.
on the second day when i still could not ride, i started crying.
not every one agrees that computer are benefitsal for the society.
these creatures are the most important things in our life to learn about.
furthermore are completly computerized all the humans do is tell the computer what they want it to do.
there is only one choice and that is that computers effect all of us in a good way.
we are also able to talk online with other people who we might have not met otherwise.
if you take any of these books off the shelves that would be lik taking away some of our chilldhood.
an idle person depends too much on chance.
using computers helps society.
we all have the freedom of speech, so why not let the authors of the materials have that same freedom.
i want to talk about interacting with family and friends.
but the most that i think thats the best in my opinion is going to school online.
dear , you know that out of students in grade go on the computer each night to complete homework and to connect with friends and family?
he has also been diagnosed with diabeties and is obese.
libraries should have a rating system like movies do.
without computers, being able to see their pictures and what they are up to would have never been possible.
so hopefully this might help the problem that you might have for people to enjoy that books, music, magazine, ect.
computers are also useful for lending us the ability to research far away places or other topics that they just have.
thats not fair at all.
i hope you can now see that computers benifit the society from heath and safty to education in school.
because you can't change the way the author wrote the story, music, movie, poster.
our military uses internet to talk to their family and friends stateside.
schools try to provide books that appeal to all audiences, but that ability is being impaired by books being banned from shelves.
secondly they help use learn on get better at forien languages.
, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, go buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat.
a good book is healthy.
about of the world today, use computers.
once, most of the population could use these tools to help find their way through information or a place.
multiple are assigned the same project, the does not millon to check looks out there was no computer to use, what would i do?
that is why is easier to send messages to your boss.
dear , some people are debating whether advances in technology, such as computers, are benefitial to our daily life.
i'm sure you know that it's good for your body if you exercise, but your to busy on the computer.
now that you heard my , i ask you to think about yours.
just remembe we learn more every day from the computers.
this can benefit sociaty because the more knowledge people have the better it is.
she didn't do homework, didn't study for tests!
but if you take visit there you will get to really last the food.
also many games help sharpen your reflexes and your quick thinking skills.
i think so, because we are what makes up a library.
the final reason why i don't believe that computers benifit us is because they make people lazy.
computers must stay a fundamental part of our every day.
they could easily go to play and talk with family and friends if they wanted to.
just off the top of your head, how people do you know that use or ?
being on a computer all the time is like being at a fastfood restaurant.
and you don't what to do.
have you ever been looking for a book only to find it band from all local stores?
also, make sure you know who your friends are.
i know what your thinking, , 'but sites like '' help people connect, why would they lose friends?'
also, more and more ads are on the web for unhealthy foods making these kids more likely to eat more junkfood.
computers learning by let vast of information being available.
a nice day outside"" is what alot of people get from there parents.
many people read books and many do enjoy it but many people do find books offensive.
now that information is only a few clicks away.
someone might hate the book but beacuse they hate it would you quit reading it?
the last i have is spending more time with family than on the computer.
all kid's have their own style of books, people like scary, funny, or romance books, but can we really take that to an offense?
people can get degrees from learning online learn another.
i hope the ways of life change really fast because things can get really bad.
i think that using computer is fine.
if you ask me its stupid.
some .v programs put the diffrent episodes online so people can easily view them just by one click of the mouse.
isn't it great getting a refreshing when your outside?
after reading all the facts surely one would agree that a is a great tool that should be used.
its a scary though because these children are our future leaders.
many students around the country forget homework once in a while, because of helpful computers they can fix their problems easily.
from what i see and understand i that computers have a positive effect on our lives.
however, if you know how to use a computer , then you have a great chance of getting a job that can support you and your family.
do you want your kids to interact with aunt sally who lives miles away.
if we keep that cencored who know history my repeat its self.
my father went to drop them back home.
three, they can develop a sense of typing.
spending time with your family is so important because you might miss so many wonderful things.
and also, have you ever needed to get information fast?
i suppose if you find a offensive book you could go to the teacher or someone and talk about it.
parents and teachers want their kids to suceed and the computer defenitly helps.
there are millions of things to do that isn't going on a computer.
aside from being a great source of communication, computers are fantastic for searching and research.
playing sports, or getting some fresh air.
do not force your thoughts on some one else
but, int the long-run, the decision is yours is make.
don'y worry about too much use, because computers can only help us not hurt us.
the fruit stalls are full of mangoes bananas and
yesterday my emailed me a picture of a cub bear in a tree outside of his cabin he was playing in, in for.
we need to know what there econimy.
but even when they do sort the books, music, and magazines by topic, there's always something offensive that can fit in that topic as well.
ended up staying with and getting married.
some think they make your life more efficient while others think they make you spend too much time on them rather than outdoors.
thirdly, i believe computer is a positive effects far away relative.
without the internet you wouldn' find the things you was looking for.
there is bomb making websites and illegal music downloading websites.
the reader will think that is what she is suppsed to do which is wrong.
when i overheard a little of their conversation i could the words he had trouble saying and he did not have a good vocabulary.
a lot of teenagers and adults have because it gets.
using computers we save trees and stop all that from happening.
now it is much easier, because keywords are matched.
therefore, computers are also a huge help in the medical department well.
howeer, any information needed to your knowledge on a topic can be found on the internet.
i'm not suggesting that people should stay on the computer all day.
they might not like it or do somethings towards them in there lifetime but, they have to live with them.
we had a blast!
if you would like to know what the weather will be like, you can look it up with a computer.
i lost alot of friends and close family members.
but you have very handwriting and you cant do it on paper you will have to use word or a writing program on computer.
they spend to much time on and , and not enough time outside enjoying nature and playing sports or exercising.
they use ratings and age control for their viewers.
in my experiences with this type of material, i have had some nightmares and have personly been offened by some books.
dear readers of the , you imagine life without your computer?
so i just didn't really pay much attention to him anymore and i talked to father.
you will be at home eating a .v.
kids even use computers for school and school work.
you thought he was years old but he was not.
but surfing the web for countless hours is their choice.
they are aloud to voice their own opinions and write about the subject matter that they are most interested in.
other people doesn't use computers takes six years to younger people like young skills use very quickly.
the neighbor was more popular than this lady's daughter so she created this person online that the neighbor fell for.
not only are they helpful, but they are necessary and i hope your agree with me.
you wouldn't beleive how many results the computer has.
on this issue, the other readers' opinions on specific books being removed are being significantly overlooked.
using the computer can access quick information.
those are all hobbies most people enjoy doing.
i understand its a bad day like its snowing or a thunderstorm and you can't do anything outside, then you go on the computer.
experts shouldn't be concerned with people using computers too much.
they be helpful but more hazardous.
i have come to realize that their purpose for going to this community loving place is to find peace and quiet.
this is a right that should stay in the reader's hands, and not the library's.
politics and earned a name as an orator.
adults and kids spend to much time on online pages.
programs like allow to present their work in a new and efficient way.
they help us instanly when we have to find something.
he speaks to everyone and is generous and kind.
thank you for your time in reading this letter
it makes sense that we need all sorts of books to learn from.
see her anymore.
secondly, computers can make you go blind because the screen of the computer is too close.
all in all i hope you think about my persuassive letter, and tell them about your thoughts and ideas too.
his friend suggested using one at home if he was having trouble, which he tries.
this is when you have a webcam and you can see and talk to other people.
those are just some of the many reasons why computer help .
excessories, "talking" to people.
being a teen myself, my computer is something i don't think i would be able to live without.
dear newspaper, have you ever stopped to think what modern day technology brought us?
he used to be a student.
a person who finds a topic offensive isn't forced to read about it.
to say i happily respond, "" i definetly want to go,"" by a long scores of points.
also, there are different kinds and different types of writtters or artists.
and instead of searching the places online and what their all about, just go visit them.
bulls and cows help them to get a good harvest.
for instance when people find something that they truly believe in they can become very motivated to expand peoples knoledge of that matter.
our life will become very happy if we read good books.
without email, we would be completley out of the loop.
three reasons why i think so are comunication, , entertainment and, .
i know you be thinking that too much internet is unhealthy for people but mostly syudents.
their are also on line like the and magazines like time.
i know that most people in was spend all the time with there family.
ok i know im in highschool but you should have book that seem like pron magazines.
there's so much to discover so much to be explored.
i hope you see how amazing computers can be.
is much more beneficial than learning how to type, or talking to your friends.
these types of things are very offensive to people.
my science teacher always wants assignments printed and how i do that with out a computer.
dear local newspaper, you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people?
but most importantly remember how easy it would be to contact the ones you love most and keep closest to you.
everyone needs to worry about what they like and let the other people enjoy what they want to.
its just a person point of view let them be them and just stick with what you think of yourselves and in your believes.
you could (instant message) them.
overall, computers are one of the most useful and common of the learning devices.
as a whole, this intelligent invention of the computer is an incredible machine that seems to have all the answers and a success for realiable information!
i just feel that some magazines should be censored.
so thats why computers are good usage and bad at time because kids don't play outside anymore and computer are helpfull for searching information so with.
the people who are addicted to computer are missing out an doing something fun with some they lose or enjoy to be around.
we should try to keep the friends we have.
at that point they're automaticly supplied with thousands and thousands of different sources of information.
if we are censored from these things how will we learn that they exist.
this can also aid the consumer because they would not have to drive all the way down to the store and pick up what they need.
dear, i strongly believe that computers are great.
i believe that this should take place at every library around the world.
in a time crunch situation like college or high school, speed is everything.
if you needed to look up information for a project without a computer, you would have to drive all the way to the library and buy a book.
but until then, we should keep our nations libraries the way they are today
computers help us communicate, research different topics, and have just plain fun things to do.
typing and surfing the web be exciting; however, is it worth the risks that there are now?
but how can we when were adicted to computers.
first reason is do you like wasting time walking though the library looking for places or people.
and their parent does not approve the parent should go and tell the librarian about why she thinks it isn't appropriate.
last example, is that you can improve you typeing skills and become a better typer.
why should we take down the books in the library?
computers are getting in the way of everything!
, there is alot of talking and arguing about computers.
the can help a student pass school.
please let people be who they want to be!
and the more people go on computers, the easier it is to yet caught pladurizing and that is a big thing in the community.
the only way i would say take books or magazines off the shelves is if the facts are not right.
don't get me wrong here.
in people over the age of nine, have an email.
now, they see each other almost every week.
they help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about.
those who would persume to know what people should see and what they should not are out of touch.
everyone has the right to read or watch whatever makes them happy.
thats a couple more books.
not only racial slurs can offend people, but profanity can make someone disappointed.
in conclusion, people should stop spendinding much time on the computers.
if you were to write a book and somebody says you cant put a certain word.
but don't get out of hand with it.
this is not a healthy way to express your feelings towards someone if they are making you angry.
so, she go on the internet start looking at different styles and maybe she could become a famous journalist.
just going out far which or even going on a run can give you time with your loved ones.
i would read books or i would put a puzzle together or something.
now that you know some posotives about the computer, remember how they could benefit you!
all, kids is sit on the computer all day not getting exercis.
well you should really consider thinking about this those cant even reasons the people in the .
i think that having computers is a great way for kids like me to learn more about things in the world.
isn't it obivous that we, as a nation, should show the world that we aren't living in the past.
""i keep going and losing weight because of computers!
this laptop was blue and white-her two faverite colors.
i know that i am always finding the computer useful.
computers are a big thing now in life, they help with many things.
and that you can end up losing something for a certain amount of .
their are better things to .
i know alot of people feel that computer have good effects but the truth is they have bad ones.
when we go to for a vacation, i help my grandmother to water the plants.
they have mushy lovey dovey stuff, they have cow boy shoot off stuff, and the offensive stuff.
its very great and its a well hands on activity, that helps you with eye cornation.
these are some of my opinions about this catagory.
because, in todays society, we have researchers going all of the time, and we have so many people working on different theories and laws.
there can be men who say there and really be .
three of these are hand-eye coordination, knowledge and communication.
the teacher tough me a few lessons.
typing homework is an easy alternative to handing in messy, unsophisticated work.
also, foreign places become closer to home, when computers allow you to virtually visit hundreds of different countries.
cearly you can that people spending too much time on computer and less time exercising.
any type of game they are all on the computer.
in the long run all this talking over computers is going to hurt them when it comes to school and getting a job.
i think they should be able to keep them.
another reason is because there is some history on many different websites.
computers are oftern shown as the bane of society.
you can keep in touch, you can learn, and you can have fun with computers.
final reason is computers allow you to talk online with your friends.
buisnesses practically run off of computers, soon they will run them by thereself.
it would be wrong to strip the kids of any learning tools.
a couple of weeks ago, my dad went to for thirteen days, and it was outragously expensive to talk to him on his phone.
this shows that computers are important to students, and are used their benefit.
so this is a lot better than driving and paying gas for visiting.
then parents could be happy if there little boy or girl could only read certain books because of how old they are.
to summarize, computers lets people know about forgein places.
good neighbors can help one another.
this offensive music is to listen sure some music is horrible but what music isnt these days.
your computer must have the right specifications to play it.
this could got their eyes off the computer screen.
dear , i think that people i should they to excersize more than they go on the computer.
i wouldn't want my child watching a movie where someone gets brudally murdered and where there cussing every other word.
another reason how computers benefit the society is by helping with careers.
some people don't like that this is true, but on the other hand some people do.
why not make that stronger off of the feild?
okay yeah we have cell phones but not everyone can afford them.
a post office is a very important place.
now someone can come along and say: ' if the book is a fantasy?'.
i wish this would change sooner or later before the world becomes a big mess.
and this will make them get more weight.
microsoft is something you should download in the near future.
students can even check grades online now and recieve comment from teachers.
in places like the fort railway station a large television
, computers teach us hand-eye coordination which is a tremenciously important skill.
well, it got to the point whare she stopped the sports, gained some weight and the sadness creptped upon her.
so why would people think that computers arn't good ideas?
the library keeps the adults section with things that adults would want to look for.
once you have finished researching it is easy to type your report.
you can watch all types of movies.
some people who are obsessed, it can be problematic.
many kids do not do any type of athletic sport.
world is far from perfect.
helps with research and learn thnigs and help with relaxing people.
in conclusion i think things in the library shouldn't stop selling because one person gets offended at it.
for example, if someone is traveling somewhere, and they don't know how the price.
, it gives students the to learn different places.
also every year you hear someone or them, well most of the time it is because of .
my friends say computers are one the best technology because the internet can help a lot things like if you have research paper.
there were even doctor books with graphic images.
i belive that if kids don't no that animals cant really talk we might have problems.
computers also play in a social role.
it's a way to get back and forth to eachother.
if we start giving up these small freedoms then those taking them from us will not stop.
are overated and young children go to visit the library.
if it is offensive don't watch it.
as you can see computers benifit society a lot more than you might think.
if your tired of being home, then just go on the internet.
first of all, people are to busy on their computers that they spend less time.
some people just have to deal with these people.
no matter who they were and who their friends were, we all are different.
well i dearly hope your answer benefits the children in .
i have three resson on why computers are good or bad.
the number one reason computers ain't beneficial is because you need sometime to spend with your family.
not everyone has one so you should be thankful for what you have.
i think they are good because they help kids with social skills, they help people with bad handwriting and they help people learn about things around the world.
if the person do not like it they should put back and find somthing else to read.
there is death and violence in the movie, along with a brief flash of nudity.
family lives quite a distance away, well some friends and getting out of touch is a possibility.
they should stop the computer games.
in that specific situation in the it created a hatred and false sense of the in the childrens' eyes.
used for all kinds of projects or homeworks and espically writing papers or short stories, having spell check, youre garenteed a good grade!
the movie and song rating system is a form of censorship i believe to be needed.
we talk to people world-wide when ever we want to.
they can help with business, interacting with family and friends, and you could even just use for entertainment.
i believe that computers are doing us more good than their harm.
dear local newspaper, my name is i am and i go to naylor school.
that could be some what have if you got off the chair you have been sitting in for three hours straight and took a hike with your family.
dear local newspaper , show that of humans in the alone spend most of their time on a computer or laptop.
you say you are going to play for minutes but they are so addicting you play for hours.
dear newspaper, i think that when kids or even adults get computers, then they would not use it for good causes.
each site having at least different games!
addicted compuer users become less social, they don't go outside and start to ""pack on the pounds.""
i believe that the main reason the computer has enhanced our life so much is because of one giant thing: the internet.
that's why the technology or computers effects people in a good way.
i think computers are an important part of a persons daily life.
it also gives you the ability to keep in touch with friends and family, and are necessary for many jobs.
if they were to get one it would change so much.
people also give out personal information to people they don't know, which leads me to my second point.
when on computers you can learn hand-eye coordination.
it has made our long distance friendship easier and closer.
computers have allowed us to communicate with our family that live somewhere we cant afford to travel to.
when my father went to bathroom for a shower bath, i took my bicycle and rushed out.
then for young adults, i think that parents could try to look up somethings about the book.
i'v went out the is another place you can check' to get the weather and keep your family safe.
that is why computers are not useful.
buisnesses also heavily rely on the internet to keep in touch with their clients that keep them in buisness.
computers are very convenient.
they dont to be there they could just look it up on the computer and how just as must about it as if they went there.
so thats all i have to say about people that are trying to get them taken off the shelf because there offensive to them
we feel healthy and happy.
dear: local newspars recently been brought my attendchon, that people should use computers.
i use the computer offer for fun and research.
do you want your kids like that?
when you're on the computer all day, you're just sitting there.
sometimes they arn't even talking to who they believed they were, it not only dangerous but unhealthy also.
lastly, doctors say its not good for you to always stay on the computer.
if more people spend more time on the computer, then the population's hand-eye coordination would increase, and who wouldn't want thats.
so, it is in those authors best interest to take into account the people they are writing about.
without these sites there might be less divorces and more happy ending fairy tales.
unfortanitly she doesn't even live anywhere close to hours to me.
these offensive items can not just be taken off the shelves just because some people are bothered by them.
of the people who don't have real friends will chat with people online not knowing who they really are.""
when people are on the computer they can learn about interesting far away lands.
we talk on webcam and chat.
then he takes rest for some time under a shady tree.
i think we should have more time outside.
by reading different types of books and listening to different types of music there is always somthing to talk about becasue not everyone knows the same subjects.
there are shops for repairing damaged things also.
do i believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?
but how is this possible with some people going to work everyday and getting shut in their offices at their computers all day.
famous scientist says, ""people who keep in touch with family and friends tend to stay happy and not become depressed.""
this program also has a spell check, a punctuation check, and a check for mistakes.
another example is with the earthquakes that recently happened in .
who knows what you can learn.
i feel closer and part of one big happy family,"" of , , says.
it is the best thing to research with.
you can also figure out how to spell a big word.
it's a made up word that really means we care about other peoples feelings more then we do our own
online communication has affected people because there is an easier way to talk to other instantly.
it's almost like isolation from the world.
if you have research to do most people use google and google is found on the computer.
i mean half of the stuff they find any way are based on true stories or they are biographys.
the information on the computer, (that's true) you can find a book.
libraries all over the world are all neat and organized.
the only thing would be is to keep an eye out for any offensive books, music, and etc.
not to mention it has fun games for people to play when there bored, or have nothing to do.
the computer is a great achivement of man.
but after she got a computer she typed everything neatly and kept all her pappers in the folders of her computer.
also many buisnesses relay on computers to keep data organized and all in place.
computers have been the big difference when comparing to centuries.
the bell goes.
of all teenagers like watching music videos.
you can learn new places by just clicking on an webpage.
dear edditer of my local newspaper in my opinion computers have a positive effect on people.
people stay inside for at least 6-@num2 hours a day depending on your job or if you are in school.
if something is not allowed for one item then it shouldn't be allowed for something else.
so the librarian is just taking in all the information that the two guys was disabuting during that time.
will take a few hours, but you will be educated.
even family and friends suffer when computers are around.
but i know that alot of people like those nasty gross books and some don't.
people often think they do what is best for everyone by asking the library staff to remove something they think is offensive.
for example on some computers a business software can be incorporated, allowing a meeting to be help over the computers.
and are websites where you can chat with friends and see peoples pictures.
we also use hand-eye coordination is loaded and.
email, , , etc.
magazines have bad imangs in them and when teens see the imangs they want to act and or be just like the people that are in them pictures.
these games start off fun but they become habits.
the diffrent kinds of animals like dogs and cats that are in the window or outside.
if so wouldn't you want to be a able to talk to them without a expensive phonebill?
there are the major benefits of using a computer.
computers helps the locate most wanted criminals.
there is no need for them because everything computers have a library can give.
i hope you too heed to my advice.
you are gaining weight because your on the computer than you need to go do some activite to off that fat.
keep in touch with family and friends and it is good entertainment.
lastly helping with hand-eye coordination.
have you ever been offended?
the computers give people the ability to talk and see people they they the would never communicate with anymore.
communication is faster, safer, and more conveinient over the .
also they have video chatting, so you can be looking right at the person while your talking, all that's all i can think of.
just think, if you had childern would you want them getting ahold of a magizine with nude men or women in it.
there should be no problem.
but, what they don't know is that the person on the other side might not be what they think it is.
people who need something to cheer them up can watch a funny video with the click of a button.
i presume that books are better resources, people can find fun in other ways and that computers can be dangerous and cause health problems.
computers allow people to interact with other people at once even when they can't be with that person for whatever reason.
, in today's age computers are seen everywhere and they have been so helpful.
i don't believe they should be removed because everyone has their own personal opinion on what's acceptable or not.
books are books, and as well as magazines, music, movies, etc., therefore one purpose only right?
there is , , , punk, &, etc like i said i could go all day on music.
at my old school adults were always complaining about books they didn't think were appropriate.
all books are written to be read, and with the division of such books, everyone can agree upon this: books help us grow.
that is why authors write about the things they do, so they can conect with teenagers.
life comes with problems and we have to learn to deal with them.
you could have a picnic, take a hike, or even hang out with friends instead of playing on the computer.
today our furniture is exported to many countries in the world.
computors must help, but they can hurt much more.
actually its not because most of your family is on it.
therefore you'll have nothing to be depressed about.
she got really mad and when back to the shelve and there where alot of magazines with offensive ritting, pictures and even comments.
some people like scary books, some people like romantic, so everyone doesnt all like the same thing.
the over usage of computers practionally, robs us of our time, destroys our health, & hinders our interactions.
i know that there are so many things that could offend people.
the library lady told me i was to young and showed me to my age level books and took the book back.
i know i have this is why computers can help you talk to people online just tree the person's e-mail adresses and type the message.
the computer are the best system for go online every body use computer.
they give people a chance to learn things.
however, work is a really large effect computers have on people.
computers make you smarter because you can look up different countries, you could look up people, and famous countries.
now you know what the computer can do to you.
it is not being effective most times.
people should take responsibility, control their kids and if they can't then leave them at home!
they cut in the peoples the excrise, and have people not enjoying nature.
i think that all the books at libraries should stay there no matter what they contain.
don't you agree?
topics such as gosip and politics are a gold mine for authors in the .
there are no books, besides maybe math books, that ' offend at least one person or a group of people.
they get on an they stay on forever.
dear local newspaper, i heard that you were concerd about people and how they use the computer to much.
but they are not good enough for people.
last but not least, i am against keeping computers around because people are spending too much time on the computers and less time exercising.
they are young and should not be expecting the fact that there people that use these words to express feeling or name calling.
we need computers for so many things, and they benefit society.
secondly, teachers use computers to get alot of school work and get information about history and geography.
along with that they are being socialy active.
playing games is one way that can help you stay connected with your family.
without a computer life would be much more difficult.
i say those people are !
both books and songs are a way to express yourself and everyone should express theirself in some way.
without having access to a computer and its contents residents have a difficult time embarking themselves within the rest of society.
you two did everthing together, and the all of a sudden your best friend suddenly stops calling you; or visiting you and hanging out with you.
the idea that you socialize less with family and friends is a pathetic arguement.
computers are a lot of fun.
many books offend people because they are not in agreement with their morals or beliefs.
so to make thier money back ,they sell to thousands of book stores.
the government should raise his salary and lighten his work.
did you know that of our jobs in the is mostly about using a computers.
people can talk to old friends, family anybody really.
there are people that love writing about violence, gore, and segregation.
no time to exercise?
well i 't because i think computers are great.
and it seems that computers are addictive.
what is acceptable for teenagers, but not be acceptful for young kids.
all these thing can be reversed.
another girl with her computer, talks to her friends.
for , computers and a great thing.
but if from of to fix it?
it might have felt you were on for minets.
as we all know, all kinds of information can be found in a local, book storage facility, commonly refered to as a library.
both great resources for talking with others.
so that way noone is making a big deal about what is on the shelves.
computers are great technology, but they have a terrible impact on peoples lives!
any of these things could happen to you so i advise you not to use a computer.
i know that when i think of the library i do not think or offenceive material that would make anyone upset.
absolutley, computers is the type of things that can kill brain cells if you spend to much time on it.
they help victims heal, soldiers connect and inspire the youth, computers are vital source of knowledge and advancement for humans.
if you would've just read a book during the time you were on the computer maybe you could've gained knowledge rather than using it.
i know from experience that my mother thinks that scream-o is the devils music.
computers are very great to have around.
did you ever miss the newest episode of your favorite show?
now, lets talk about exercising a bit more.
secondly, i would like to say computers have a great way of creation.
how can one person say if something is wrong?
but all i have wasn't to the real.
i belive that computers have positive effect on people.
also, another reason why books and other media should not be censored is because people judge almost every little word offensive then.
it can smell any danger.
that leads us to the next big topic, health.
the bad part about censorship is that it can offend people very easily.
some people learn about far away places, getting the latest up-dates on important news, and making sloppy work and hand writing seem nice neat.
also some type of reasearch they might be interested in.
in conclusion, computers are a great resource that are often wrongly portrayed in a bad light.
there for, computers cause health issues.
this is my opinion expressed in words about how i feel about the whole topic.
people can use , , and etc.
maybe authors feel the need to add interest in the book and suspense, but not all readers would take it easily.
i hope that my reasoning helps you understand my point of view.
the people that work at the library should remove all the bad itams.
once, my brother didn't take home his book-bag for a week, and got all online.
he has to get up early in the morning and begin the day with a lot of exercises.
all im trying to say , i don't think computers hurt our society, but are pretty much the building blocks for our world.
we helped him to come out of the car.
while you are on the internet you can go to learning websites.
a lot of people are obese from sitting on the computer and not excercising.
everytime i log onto the computer i'm able to see the latest news updates!
there is a reason why we are becoming one of the fastest countries!
firstly, computers have helped academically in our schools and at home.
't ever tell anyone that you can't believe in your opinions.
that is exactly what i said to my brother after he had read the front cover of a magazine in the library one afternoon.
this is clearly not enough excersise that is required to maintain a healthy and happy lifestyle.
you still have time to change your life and say no to the computers.
not only are you getting good benefits on the outdoors but so is your partner.
over the , i've done research for a project and have been able to get facts from the and about crime stats.
and photos about the mountain .
, of people in the world use computers one time in their lives.
there are many ways still computers have a positive affect on people, ive only stated just a few of them.
there are other realiable things.
that's why i think computers can be more helpful just depending on the way you use it and how much you use it.
even if you have your own equipment at your house to exercis on it's still better then going on the computer and not getting any exercise at all.
we must change the way we live and get rid of this unhealthy appliance we call a computer.
what gives anyone the right to remove or change something because it's inappropriate?
they also teach you new things.
we need computers.
censoring or removing materials from libraries remains a hot topic today.
can go to , ask question and get an instant reply.
with all these computers many social networking sites are born.
adults shouldnt let there children spend all day on a computer and adults shouldn't eather because it went help you life.
of population teenagers have , and chat.
more and more kids are falling into those traps.
this is why im writing to you to share all my ideas and concerns.
all minor adjustments and easy to make.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers are bad news.
water is needed everywhere.
aslo its better to talk to new friends in person because you can get to now them better as you grow up.
our learning, our beliefs, and our freedom of speech are too important to just give up to censorship.
i myself think that all books should be of the shelves because i do find some books to be offensive in their contents.
computers are a serious issue.
this is yet another reason how computers can benefit us.
for example, facebook, twitter, and myspace are all social sites.
now you go out and make anyone that says computers are a horrible inventions you tell them exactly why computers are so important!
i agree that computers do benefit society because every one uses one or has one it helps you with important stuff the computer makes things easy.
they arnt bad or unhealthy unless if that is your life and that is the only thing you do.
with this being said, should certain material be removed from shelves if they are offensive?
in conclusion i think the computer makes the world that much easier.
i felt like i was right their with her!
plus, it is a great way to connect with past and present friends.
parents have the authority to monitor what their child involves himself or herself in.
violence is bad for little kids to be doing when they are young.
there is no appropriate standard on what makes a book offensive to a group, so it should be undetermined as to what makes a book offensive.
some books and magazines are to explict for children at certain ages.
the internet is a very dangerous.
you will not enjoy the outdoors, find something else to do when you are and you will gain wheight you spend all your time on the computer.
google, yahoo, and .
dear local newspaper, computers are fairly new, everone has one everone wants one!
if everyone had a right to take away some books that they think are not appropriate, do you think there would be any books left?
but not everyone agree that people shouldn't use computers because people can get attracted to it and people don't want that.
my second reason was the computers are so fun.
in a country, being the , that revolves around sports, hand-eye coordination really helps out.
in my opinion, i think that, yes, they do have a positive effect on people.
the people that abuse the access of their computer too much should think and find something else to do.
i will collect small things nearby and will build a nest a top of a tree.
that inclues magazines and movies and even music.
computers are no longer a luxury; they have become a necesity.
because most of the things that people like is in the books or movies that the library wont have.
ever day i see my nephew on his computers i see him getting fatler and fatts every day.
these, again, are only some of the hundreds, if not thousands of ways which computers are helpful.
in conclusion you have mixed thaught's you ever want to go on the computer all the time.
people do reports on celebrities and famous people from history.
this function keeps kids in touch and active.
i have found video games to be a great let out for stress biut up during the day.
i know that a the should agree.
computers believe it they help us in life wether to keep information, talk online, find a good recipe or what ever it is there.
there's tons of people who struggle with relationships.
this should not be allowd for anyone to do, it's disterbing!
another thing they might do is go to a website that could have them find afordable flights or a hotel to stay at.
they stop enjoiying mother nature, and they stop with family and friends.
you just go online and look up the info that you need to learn about almost anything form the use to .
one the internet there are many fun games for all ages.
on top of all that both the movie and the book weren't good at all.
dear newspaper, generation has grown up with the complex technology called computers.
i believe that having computers are a very good thing.
computers give the power for children to learn.
you would want to teach them about sexual introcourse not a magazine.
well i think they should not be sitting on their damage their eyes.
a computer can help you do many things could help you learn, chat with friends, and can entertain you.
everyone has a right to read what they want to read.
also, computers' prices are constantly rising.
if you find an image of a beautiful plant, why not go and see or feel the plant 'in person?
but this is a god thing, because faster proccesing means faster research.
they are useful ways to make life easier.
i knew that when i was old enough to read those novels, they would still be there on the shelf waiting for me.
they might just say its gonna offend this kinda people and thats it.
kids are meeting people they don't and try to meet them.
also, the ipod.
alot of people get annoyed when they dont know about stuff when it happens.
libraries will be taking knowledge from everyone and ruin the chances for greatness for many people.
that time while i fixed it could have been valiuble exercising time.
adults need to see what there kids read this days.
dear local newspaper, i am awair that more people use computers everyday.
if you don't want you children to see it or if you don't set standards and rules
on the full moon day, my father hired a boat for two hours.
we had lunch in an indian hotel.
typing things on the computer cames out of school also, whole dad is frequently typing up and he is also typing up essays for his company.
i believe that this is one main reasons of obesity.
you can't agree that getting to search anything is a fantastic way of using a computer for a while.
only adults could watch.
the second reason i like computors is for news updates.
more and more people use computers in fact about of .t has computers, everyone uses them.
in conclusion i think that people need to get together and create a line that can be drawn befor they get to far.
my first reason is that they give you information about a place that you might be interested to see or know their culture.
they also help with school or planning a vacation.
computers benefit our society because they are like an electronic encyclopedia.
this actually improve some people social if they are shy.
do you really think that some kids dont think about hat stuff.
you can talk to relatives, friends, or anyone you want to talk to.
you get realy good at it you can type without looking.
he sleeps for a few hours.
the same case with my mom.
computers all over the world do not involve much interaction with any part of your body other than your hands.
last, it also gives you the abiity of learning about other places, and people by photos, information, and websites.
well you can.
after some time, the guard blows the whistle and wave the green flag.
i would tell my son/ or daughter that that book is not for you, and we would go and pick out a new book to read.
no i disagree with this situation because computers are a modern day tech that people use.
every person is there own person; i personally would say to just leave the books, music, movies, ect.
dear , i would like to notify your business that computers benefit society.
peoples language could be different or there personality.
people should take it upon themselves to censor what others can and can't do, see, or read.
my three reason why you should have a computer is you can talk online with your friend or do homework or project and fine out things out.
i hope you take my side about my opinion about computers and that they definitely have a positive affect on people.
if family is so importand then why would kid want to be on the computer than at a family picnic?
like, foreign places or movies.
it doesn't matter what your interests are because you'll always find great information.
these experts be smart but they are wrong.
people that feel offended or embrassed should be ashamed of them self because that is very selfish, and rude.
you can also do that on a computer.
so you see, the internet is a great use for kids.
an arument on the of this is that computers take the place of exercise.
but is it not our actions that follow seeing such misfortunes that determine who we are.
were my brother eats all the junk food which helped lead to obesity.
even though i explained a lot of reasons why computers are a great thing to have, there are still a ton more.
library materials must be checked.
that will be even worse because if you tell them to go outside they wont do it same will.
getting a paper by email is much easier than getting it in pen with samples.
to me that is very important and i'm sure for you it is too.
they have changed the world alot.
there would be no reason to go to the library or even read books, cause there isn't any good ones.
you have, there are two things you can do in that situation.
there are so many forms of chat on the internet; , , etc.
do you want your child to be next?
hear what he was doing, and even see the view of from his window.
but no they want to sit inside all day long on the computer.
millions of people have all of their information online, for anyone to see, and this is very dangerous.
once the get in learning how to type, they end up typing fast.
what happened to our society?
i've never experience a nasty, or explicit book.
if you are religious, you should have the right to be able to read what you want.
if there is something on the shelf, someone can find something offensive in it.
people not exercise at all anymore.
some of the music people lisson to today is just not right or kids or adults.
whenever i come home from school i'll go on the computer and talk to all my friends.
though my information is that both of them were as ordinary as i was.
this help you her.
all it took though was one person to complain about it, and boom!
there type of movies or books should not be removed because of what another person thinks about that certian thing.
an other reason why the computers are good for society is educations.
also, there are sites like facebook where people can connect.
in conclusion, i disagree with the fact that certain materials should get removed off shelves if felt to be offense.
is in the highest reading level you can be in, in first grade.
computer are also great for looking up places.
the issue to grapple with is computars have an affect on people.
first computers allow you to talk online with friends and family.
instead of talking to people communicate.
and spending time online is taking away your time from exercising those calories off.
so if they spent less time on the computer they would save lots money.
use of computers have to cause brain-tumors and leukemia, asw ell as brain disorder and cancers.
people are spending less time outdoors and more time inside at a desk.
and yes i understand that people have different views but we shouldn't let that get to us.
it was such a scary experience that none of us could sleep that night.
can help you find any place or you can find out anything about that place.
one reason he helps you with your hand eye coordination for example teach you how you look while typing.
having to much stress is bad for your health you might go into depression.
if we find a book is offensive , or will not help better our childerns' future then stand up and fight for their own mental development.
computers teaches kids new things.
if it was me choosing whether or not to take movies, books, magazines, etc off of the shelfs i wouldn't.
magazine says that there are health risks when you use your computer all the time.
but with the internet, you just type in what you're looking for, click, and go.
now-a -days, kids would much rather spend time on their computers than outside.
people you actually really need talk to, such as friends, teachers or even people you never talk to in school.
you mst your favort show you could got o and sec the show for free!!!
i have even read excellent books that offend me.
on computers, you can find out information from news that week of or even the day of.
thus, computers can allow you to get information efficiently.
my next reason is going outside playing sports or running alround playing tag.
some for good, others for bad.
dear , off, i beileve that computers are very helpfull to many people by looking up information, or talking to friends.
this will let you see the person's face are talking to.
that was proven in a say a by , head of human reactions.
becaose of the computer, people talk more and are often brought closer together.
another law that 's appriecate is, freedom of the press.
of kids that spend a lot of time on the computer forget to study for test.
also there are sites that allow you to learn how to use a keyboard, and work electronics like a computer!
and 's grade class when i surveyed them there ans a very high percentage of people that said they were addicted to the computer.
this is effecting people negatively.
they help you write reports or reports in general for any subject.
i belive that computers can have our socity into the next and can inhance use to people.
these are all supporting opinions why i personally do not belive libraries should be censored.
you can find all this cut on television, but you never knows when it would come on.
and talking to friends is something thats good, not bad.
i know that whenever i don't know something i just look it up online.
also gives the change to talk to people with webcams.
if it offended her, then she should not read it.
chating on a computer is a great way to make friends with people you dont know and block people you dont want talking to you.
even without software to block dangerous websites, computers are generally safe.
should they have the right to take it away just because they don't approve?
finally, spending so much time in front of the computer leaves you less time to interact with family and friends.
there have been a couple of times where i have walked in a library where i found a couple of books that was offensive towards me.
if you keep doing other activities you can get skinny again easily.
they do this by pretending to be the childs peer then using the information the child him he will make almost a garunteed kidnapping.
perhaps a reason for this is that too many people can just sit on their laptops to shop, see movies, and even to get a college education.
computers can let you interact with your family and f riends.
others could be seen sitting in the classroom and gobbling up their food.
well this should cut back or maybe even add more pull into what they can or can not share within their readings, materials, and movies.
dear , in many ways computers are helpful but, i don't support the use of them.
therefore people need to start spending time friends and start excersing and stay away from the computer.
or you can use it to find out about you family's history.
so how would anyone know if a child was in this restricted area where they shouldn't be viewing this material?
well even if you 't i know a lot of people who do.
books should not be required to meet everyone's personal standards.
today, japan is one of the most prosperous countries in the world.
and if you read that book, it made my question everything i belived.
at times it is okay to want a book that has a few bad words but the library needs to know their limits.
but, that's not the point.
knew that he would get punished, but he decided that grounding would be better than injury, or even death.
obviously, without computers life as we know it would be way different.
it is alot cheper than because you just have payment a-month unlike phone.
in a nut shell, knowledge, exercise, and connecting with buddies are all positives in the computer.
they would rather just sit down, crack open a magazine, and let their eyes glaze over at the sights of celebrities and new scandals.
they supermarket for you.
computers are great and you should use it.
this being you can from wikipedia all the way to the infamous google in just .
another time where computers are handy is at tax time.
people should go for a run cut of some of the obisity from sitting down all day lose pounds or more.
so to rap up my thoughts and feelings.
early morning they go to school and come back tired in the evening.
music does not fall into that category.
this takes time to learn but out over internet i learned it quickly.
i've actually gained alot of knowledge at the libraries i've been to because i found so many books that were just amazing.
people also use and play games on unknown websites.
first, they are helpful because it's quick an easy to get from page to page.
i'm going to start with the good things about how computers have effects on people.
jobs; secreatenes always have to use computer for everything in our school secreaterys and teachers use computers for attendance, grading.
it is so much easier to do instead of looking up their number and calling them.
computers take you away from the beautiful nature that surronds us.
the library should be a place that consist of love, peace and harmony.
there are websites that could be used for free time like music websites where you are allowed to watch music videos or downlosd music onto your ipod.
computer's today help us with everyday tools, such as cars, cellphones and your everday television!
why would you spend your time on a computer looking of pictures of nature when you have it right there in your .
's so helpful and could really save you a hastle.
also if you are not sure about homework or something like that you can just ask a friend to find out.
the third reason why i think using a computer is a good because this allows you to talk online with other people.
but i know you'll prove wise and agree with me!
you can use it to talk to people you never thought you would see again.
first off computers help save the environment and they do this by leting us not cut down trees and make paper out of them.
these are still only a few of the many skills that can be learned on computers.
computer are a direct cause to child obesity, and they are a threat to society.
all in all i say that compuetrs are a good thing because they help with you hand eye coordination also.
i say this because if you think about it could in a factory is ran by some type of computer.
when i read books like that they make me feel better about my life and i interact with others.
families separated by thousands of miles now have the ability to email, chat or even video chat with far away relatives and friends.
so finally, i have a request.
so i took my time and typed it out one letter at a time, and it was correct!
i had never seen an airport before, so i was very excited to go with him.
has helped ny hand-eye cordination greatly and it has shown in the four sports that i play.
computer seem helpful but of they are a great way to research for reasons.
this online predator smoothly invited her to the mall, where they moved.
dear , you know that computers can prevent you from doing a lot of things?
another one of my reasons is people who are inside on electronics all day are less likly to have good people skills.
but it is the reading which brings perfection about the subject of concern.
a person who shows a foolish and care-free attitude towards life is often nicknamed “a butterfly”.
we can also get postcards, inland letters, and envelopes at these windows.
the computers in our school has helped our classes in social studies.
should offensive material be removed from the library?
you can easily find what you are looking for and you are able talk to anyone you want.
you can chat with all your friends at once.
now the lat move of '' is coming out this () and people what the last book to read.
so, sometimes it's better to say "" with the new ways doing things technologically in with old ways doing things manually.
we can make work a lot easier, talk to other ;people, and get imformation on places you want to visit somebody.
this rapid spread of the news saved many lives in as people immediately dropped what they were doing and rushed to help.
a computer around is easier for school also i remember one time, i had to write a page paper for and it was due the next day.
anybody with a question faild easily hop on a computer, research it on google.com and find what they were looking for within minutes.
who wants to have a damaged brain?
instead a lot of times when someone down at the computer, a snack goes with them.
the pain of growing up without either mom nor dad is tuff.
go out and toss the ball along with the neighbors dog.
say i needed a book on '' for a project im doing in class.
so we can't really help what people think about and what some people write down to be published in a book.
censoring things can mess up the original message being brought to attention and anger many authors and musicians.
parents just need to be responsible and look for what their children are looking at , and pay attention to them.
more than of people who move away from their family and friends reconnect with them through computers.
cutting down people's availability to their interests will only lead to frustration.
also they spend less time exersizing and less time interacting with family and friends.
if you continue to type your hand eye coordination will improve.
also some people have family and friends who live across the world.
computers make as ""look""lazy, but give us a lot.
he starts to say rude comments, being violent, and using profanidity.
i am one of those thinkers.
because this program we are able to stay in touch.
it is necessary to enter the medical college and follow clinical medicine.
yes a friend a live and breathing human being, losing some weight will help you gain confidence if you just try.
this all swim like a activity but it is really pulling us away from our social lives.
now is the time to make your disicion.
people who sit at home on computers could and probally will get to fat.
the if you missed it.
these social networking allow teens to talk with there friends.
many kids sign up for something like facebook, but they're not cairful.
she's not on the computer for .
, you want your kids & citizens to get fat and lazy?
i remember thinking to myself, 'were books this way too?'
some can get obese and mess with your love life.
he is the only son of our family.
those things alone could take hours, especially if you don't live near on library.
the source is very helpful to many people.
"" is something that doesn't completely exist on the internet.
if everything we read was censored, there would be nothing to read.
states that "" this technology has helped, but the negativity if has had on society but the good the computer is doing.""
there is all different kinds of stuff in there.
the censorship would still be at the library in a certain form.
computers can be helpful with research & guides, but facebook or twitter is going to slow you down.
did you know that of has increased their weight, due to videogames and computer?
they allow you to see places.
the computer has changed society a lot, for the better.
to this day she is still the same because she didn't take my advice to get off the computer and go outside to play.
your family might not be able to help you when you're in need.
computers are terrific to learn things with a fast pase to it.
the authors and directors and singers just do what they do, and the judgement and opinions all come from the people, fans, and critics.
the computers we own train as we use them to have reflexes and hand-eye coordination equal to the best of the military.
to conclude there is very little reason to ban a book from the shelves.
the coumputer is a very help full object.
experts, you do not need to worry.
first, people can learn about what is going on around the world.
i can bet the number is going to be about of the time you are in you office.
you should talk to parents about getting their child an computer.
produces only bookworms.
we need to all come together and cooperate to keep people healthy, to retain our life skills, but most importantly ssave our one and only beautiful .
we only have one life, so you better enjoy it.
it's bad enough that everybody is offended by the smallest thing which makes it difficult for everybody else to enjoy it.
why not use it?
this is a problem because this ""no exercising"" thing does stop the life span could be greatly shorten.
in high school we were told by our parents that we should not smoke do drugs or anything like that.
computers affect you and everyone around you in more ways than .
with computers you store all and files neatly.
when i can't go outside because of the weather i get on my computer and play video games.
there are many free games, like , that have endless possibilities.
distant relatives can talk and share picture with one another to keep in touch.
this can make families keep in touch and friend close.
the democracies feared communism due to its totalitarian government.
a classic novel, the of , has been removed from the shelves of many public and school libraries because of crude language such as the word 'nigger'.
as you can see, computer have a negative affect on people.
well, you'd be dead.
once he begins his video interactive games, homework is pushed a side.
decides that he wants to learn, but he does not know how.
when a person is on the internet, there is no limitation to him or her.
these are probably the is for school.
i remember several years ago i attended a and the party at the local library to celebrate the next book in the series being released.
also, typing on the computer teaches us hand eye coordination that can help us with other things.
or you can send them a website with a really funny video of someone getting with a soccerball.
secondly, they don't interact with their family and friends as much.
why would anyone else want the opposite?
social networking sites, like facebook or myspace, are fun to be on.
the last reason i would like to share with you today is that computers help kids tromendously.
i agree with these experts too.
without them, i wouldn't be able to chat with friends out of school except for sports and texting.
for example, i used to go to an awesome camp and i made same of my best friends there.
when it comes to books, there are no ratings, just genres letting the reader know who the author's intended audience is.
going through reality and the struggles is what makes each individual they are.
first useing the computer effects a person's time, does that by wasteing hours sitting there when you could be outside playing or doing chores around your house.
go let's recap on this paper.
facebook, aim and twitter are scary and not safe because you not know who you are talking to.
and i say no to computers.
some kid's might not even know who is or how we got here to this very continent.
the computer is perhaps the greatest form of the world has ever seen.
so the internet can also be a way of saving money.
in conclusion the computer is usefull because of learning, communication, and comercial.
computers are going to be around for a long time, and when they die down it will only be because something better came along.
computers are one of the most common ways to communicate with friends and family.
did you know that if you talk long distance for mins a day that would be over a month.
the reason for this is because they can instead work extremly hard on thier custom or teams in or .
but, we you create this you child has to give a parents email address were they have to read the following terms to chose for their child.
all of these activities require very good hand eye coordination.
computers open doors in the world.
computers lower the price of things we want and need.
kids in the world hear bad language, see fighting, and even see people get shot.
there are some books that have some pretty nasty stuff in them that you could find in a library.
i think people are not spending to much time on the computer"", because a lot of people on the computer to do office work.
then, i came across the music.
my three arguments are cyber-bullying, less exercise and less interaction with family and friends, take my suggestion seriously and bann computers.
part of a parent's job is to ensure their children are safe and looking at materials appropriate for their age level.
my opinion is that the computer help a lot is something like need in our life.
i belive having computers in a household is a good idea.
there are also the bad things to keeping them out on the shelvs.
computers have endless positive effects and should be popularizeas.
like the gun magazines or the hunting magazines the just show that it is ok to carie a gun were ever they go.
we have different consumers that walk in and out of the library everyday, so when they enter they should find it peacful not the opposite.
without newspapers, people cannot get knowledge and news of our country and the world.
now a days people would read that book and if they were racist they wouldn't be after that book,because they see how wrong is.
another thing is that we don't always need to get the answers off the computer.
but i disagree, that's why i not like righting this side of the story.""
you can do all of your reaserch online.
if that book like that was censored, it would be like saying some people are better than others.
they can also perfect the skill of hand-eye coordination.
the othe <@num1> is students and adults write on paper, and that has good hand and combination.
do you like going on the computer?
i do think that certain movies and music should be removed from shelves if little kids are aloud in the store.
well when a kid reads that they think that they can do that and they start imaging that they can eather hurt or really do some damage to someone.
although you do need computers.
i think it is a good idea to leave the material on the library shelves and caution library users to 'read at their own risk.'
in fact it has a very positive effect of me.
dear local newspaper, this world is filled with electronics.
with blackson the not needed sites the internet can do almost anything.
websites that are colorful and fun can teach kids how to multiply and read.
not only do computers let you talk to people far away, but people close too.
typing on a computer in leisure time is a skill that will be looked for everywhere.
that and pepole need to spend mor time outside expiriencing nature.
to conclude, computers positivly effect our lives.
the last reason why computers is a positive affect to our country is because it can us invent diffrent things.
the peacocks dance in the fields.
teenagers well and do while playing game talking to.
these are just a few reasons why the computer is helpful as opposed to bad!
inside our body, there are many systems.
don't get to enjoy the nature around them, and they don't get to interact with their family and friends!
yes, there are books out in libraries that are offensive to a group of people, but that does not mean take that material out of the library.
they could help find a mroe efficient feel, efficient of it could help make a teleportation device.
those people use the computer everyday but they use it correctly only for and they are just well are very smart and get good grades in school!
it's much faster and much easier than paying ""manually"".
in my opinion, i think the computer does benefit society in many ways.
there's so much that we all take for granted, that one day when you look back on ti all, youre going to really miss those days.
it is never the parents fault.
she was in a depresion mode.
you might need it for typing a paper for school or work, and you can use the internet.
people should have the right to get whatever they want from the library and if someone doesnl't like the materials they have then thats too bad.
people need to accept that the world is not all sunshine and rainbows and that gruesome stuff is out there.
this means when they are in the airport waiting for their plane, they can just play a game or watch some television.
it's a big problem for you.
this was true history so there should be no restrictions to that sort of book.
if someone finds them offensive, so be it.
plus then the parents to flipout on.
for intinst, let's say a student had to do a report, but he couldn't get his hands on any book at all.
i clicked many pictures there.
it is very unlikely a child would ever see the materials in question.
some people say that the can kids like me want to miss out on some quality-time with family.
i found all i needed to know about him getting me that rocking at on my project.
don't you?
everyone on in and have a time.
the computer also helps out with adults and their jobs.
censory has always been taken the wrong way.
now, it is just the click of a button away.
this is a bad thing if you're planning a trip somewhere, wich you can also do with a computor.
i did an interview yesterday with ; and i asked,"" you go over your grandmas house what do you usually do?""
because sells your info to businesses.
so once again, the computer is extremely helpful and profitable.
then you should go outdoors and spend time with your friends and family.
just because children think it's cool.
on a computer it will say if they have any or not you would need to tickets would have the exact same thing.
engineers use programs on the computers to help design what they are going to build.
computers now offer online study groups that can help us get into a college.
thousands upon thousands of sites and applications are now at your fingertips.
its not the computers fault.
though people check these books out, many others find them either offensive or think they should not mix with every day books.
the are vital to workers and students and bring news to residents of any corner of the world.
typically when you walk in to a library there are books, magazines, movies, and cds everywhere.
keeping people under self-control is top priorities for the public.
they be spending less time with there friend and family physicly, but who said there not being social.
at the end of before the millenea would take place everyone feared what was called .
when the crops grow, he harvests the crop and sells them in the market.
let them find out about stuff when they ask a question.
becasue if you dont like it do not pick it up from the shelves and tell people thats bad music when it could be some great music.
without knowing how to type you not get any top class jobs.
on computers you can also communicate with people that are very far away.
emale is the only way from talks to her coworkers.
something that is offensive to one person or a group of people not be found offensive by another person or group of people.
it can be as simple as riding a bike or taking your dog for a walk.
but, the one thing we can do is to at least insire one person.
i hope you can see using way eyes and agree that computers are thely an amazing they that lets got information also help
finding a way to reach a happy medium.
i find this extremly rude.
libraries can contain very offensive things that can make a person sick to their stomachs.
first, people spend less time exercising.
the answer to all those questions is the .
people could act like someone else.
you eventually memorize where all of the keys are located.
computers have a negative effect on people.
they shouldn't!
next, it should be up to the .
secondly, the computer is like a tutor.
say your a catcher, and then catch it.
or webcams are the quichest and maybe even coolest way.
for example, a religous book that talks about being one guy when some people beleive differently.
in conclusion, computers are useful for things and these are just a few examples.
also, computer all day with no exercise can lead to obesity, and sometimes your hands posture can give you carpal tunnel syndrome.
maybe this girl comes to a library and finds this book; suddenly she finds guidence in it.
another reason students use is to look up information for reports.
kids should know what is going on in the world, or you could be a adult just browsing the web loking for information.
i heard a couple nights ago that had an earthquake.
they have a pair of eyes and a pointed beak.
computers allow people to compress hours of work into a matter of minutes.
i say, get rid of that computer.
i feel that they could also pre-sensor these books.
in closing i think the hole world should keep computers becus with out computers the world is lost, to the past paper.
if those people were allowed to just remove them forever, i, and many other people, would be sadly dissapointed.
with this people are so consumed into the computer that kids get side tracked and forget to do homeworks.
i asked people if they perfer using computer to talk to there family or use a phone.
if not you can be a homeless guy in the street holding a computer that doesn't work.
one way is to make a certain account where you can meet people who aim or a different account.
a student once had the misfortune to break one of his vertabrae.
last, computers are a faster and easier way to find new things and learn more about different topics.
there are many ways you can exercise.
should books, music, ect; be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
computers could be used to make new friends too, but their is people you dont know and we are not surpose to give out our information.
parents don't want that to happen to their children.
video chat can allow you to show someone a picture or an expression.
we need to leave every book on the shelves.
it's a better experience and you made many more moments.
second, i think computers have a positive effect on people because it can help you learn about far away places that you have never been to before.
i wish i could build her a strong bird house.
my friend was obsessed with facebook from until she was on, daily.
we are all different people, we all don't enjoy the same kind of books.
what a waist money.
you can do exciseses and useful for essays.
computers have flaws, but they also have so positive effects too that i think they shine over all the tiny flaws.
in the we have the technology of a computer.
this made me very unhealthy i gained nine pounds in one week.
after some time another bus on the same route came.
our society could continue to greatly advance with the help computers.
my first reason is that computer are entertaning.
it can even help you find a job.
this is a more indirect approach to removing a piece of literature.
those words are what fired us up to become an independent country.
poetry for example gives the reader a feeling of what the writer was feeling when it was produced.
they feel that by taking books they feel to be 'offensive' out of libraries, they can sheild their child from the bad things in the world.
at this age middle schoolers and high-schoolers should be focused on their grades and their .
but we can fun, we can play games or watch videos at as convinience.
what would we do without computer!
kids and teens would be so bored that they would the parents insane.
also, i don'd know about you, but i have talked to many people around the world using the internet.
if people find one of those offensive, then why can't they ignore it?
computers allow people to play a wide variety of games.
this helps because people talking to other people online can beast there their morale.
astronomy, arithmetic, music and other subjects tell us about the beauty in the disciplined growth.
this entertainment system is also a great way to use up time lik if you're bored.
they check you, attendance, grade, phone number and schedule.
dear local newspaper, are several reason how computers have effect on people.
what a pain.
this is one reason why our public library should not have rated movies.
i then eat breakfast with my parents.
what's this?
skills are things you need to have if you want to pursue a career.
a survey was set up by the foundation to see if students prefer computers over books and said yes.
i dont think books that would affend people should be on the shelf.
a lack of exercise and proper body maintenance results.
this shows that kids spend more time using the computer then anything else.
if they offend me then oh well that is my issue to deal with.
books are not so different, if a book has certain things that parents dont want their children reading then take it away from them.
staring at those bright flashy lights for too long is not good for your brain, what computers cause out of child ceizures a year.
and they are great for people with jobs.
""computers distract people from their needs"" says of . ""
all right-minded people would stay at home and exersie from thier computer and not have to go to a sweaty and smelly gym.
a professor from virgin new york tech school said that with out computers the world is nothing.
theres a much simpler way it's called a computer.
this an easy way to communicate or keep in touch, you can learn from, and you can have fun with the computer.
you are a computer freak you will become overweight, it's bad for your eyes, and you can't enjoy beautiful nature. "
i was in one day and made a survay, for how many people agree that not many people because of computers aren't interacting in any activities.
, movies, anything you is not likely on a computer.
libraries shouldn't just change there ways for certain people that don't like the materials.
some books be offensive but you can learn from others mistake by reading that book.
most people have home phones or call phones, but for the ones who dont they need as meen of communication.
computers are fun for many different reasons.
the internet is also a dangerous place and the growing computer use with maximize the problem.
and sometimes, that can get a little pricey, especially since you can get free at a library?
it went very well.
dear local newspaper, i have some arguments to tell you how computers aren't all bad.
this shows that you need a computer to catch up with friends and family.
but when it does come to the pornography that should not be exposed in a public place such as a library.
primarily, if you want to save money on gas, 't use !!
do you think that if certain books, music, movies, and magazines shout be removed from shelves because someone finds them offensive?
for example i have younger sisters and they love to go on the computer and some websites are not good for younger kids.
other people know that they need to do something but keep putting it off.
it allows people to send messages and information faster, helps students whith school, and gives kids something to do when they can't be outside.
perhaps, somebody else has been waiting to find that book.
the censorship in a library should be kept the same as it is already.
have to look up something on the computer, some jobs you have to apply by computer, lastly allows you to talk online with other people.
every morning we should wish our elders.
in addition to limiting diet and exercise, computers are also the source of yet another act.
another reason why they have these connections its probably because its a better way to see one another if you live in different parts of earth.
in olden days paddy cultivation was done only in one season.
he didn't know what to do until he thought back to a book he read.
the housewives buy vegetables and fruit from him.
libraries are public for a reason, and that is to interest people with different types of entertainment.
so things that might help one person, offend other.
i have surveyed friends and resulted with five out of ten go home and chat to friends online.
books, movies, music, magazines - we've all seen/read/listened to them, but what have they influenced on you?
an eight grader, can you believe that?
computers make life easior by maney ways.
in fac when you talk with someone online helps build relationship within that person.
on and he will.
they help get new .
you can learn a lot from a offensive show, you can learn what and what not to do.
people can learn bout things, places, even their own family.
computers help us expand our learning capabilities and give us a chance to learn things that normally we wouldn't.
this is good for those who are busy and travel a lot.
have fresh, healthy eyes and get away the computer.
your choices are endless!
further sites like , or where you have you own page post your own opinions.
studies show that of between the ages of eleven and eighteen talk to their friends over facebook on a daily basis.
yes i believe that books should be removed if they have derogatory terms in there such as racial slurs disrespecting the race of any human etc.
most kids use computers to learn about things they are doing in class.
i want you to understand all the benefits a computer provides.
writters and publishers would lose so much money because the library sells' there books,magazines, movies.
in todays day in age, computers are a key part to business, education, and recreation and they benefit our society.
they hypnotize the young children and adults.
computers help us every day, they teach us and they can be verry fun and eductional.
but i guess what i am trying to say is in life there are going to be things that you dont like.
people naturally type about thirty words a minute.
he has to live with precautions and preventions.
it's one of the ideals that help make this country great
they could be using that time to be around family and friends making memories.
there would be no quick access to information, no way to socialize, and no way to keep your health records or other personal information safe.
it has violence, language, and people are treated in a harmful way.
the question then is, do computers have positive effects on people?
some people who use computers use them for the wrong reasons.
the computer has also the way of communication.
many people think that using computers is a bad thing, but look at the facts!
everyone respects him in our neighborhood.
but most people spend to much time on the computer.
i also think people are useing the computer to much.
the only problem is finding appropriate books that are both compelling and enthralling.
like bunge jump.
if we take peoples choice away what are they going to have?
for example, www.freenke.org is a site that donates grains of rice for every question answered correctly, and they have donated over grains of rice.
not just some people.
teacher use computers because its the easyest to find information that they might need.
's always great to talk with old friends.
are they good or bad?
while reading a good book you can be listing to music.movies is a good source when and the libary.
with electronic devices such as the player and so on, most of the music comes from online sites where you purchase the song directly.
i stand by my opinion and believe offensive books, magazines, and movies should be removed from the shelves of libraries.
there are some websites that give you the right stuff you want to know and others do not fill your mind with positive things.
i think that computers are not as good as some people think.
it makes life better, georgus.
computers can do more harm than good.
india was also ruled by the white people at that time.
being on the computer on a beautiful is like blocking out the birds' songs on the first day of .
when i was younger, i owned a computer.
i felt very important-almost a lord, little did i, know that this joy was to be short-lived.
kevin, scientist that of our knowing about space come from computers!
are made for people basicly for that age group.
magazines, from what i know don't really have anything offensive in them.
i believe parents are more offended by things in the library ,because they don't want their kids to experience these things that are not the childs age.
computers are good to use because it tells you everything.
four ""you time you can draw, read a book.
if you have bad handwriting, then you could just type up your paper and hand it in all nice and neat.
technology makes peoples lives much easier and helps keep more and more people connected throughout the world.
also to try and pre-sensor them to make them more friendly to the younger audiance
to this natural ciricusity we have made amazing leaps in technology years ago what seemed to be imposible is now possible.
it also has many games that and learn our vocab words.
think of all the knowledge you would have from reading articles you find on google.com and all the other search engines.
technology like this drastically makes life easier.
's a fun thing to do during a boring, rainy day.
this is why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
in conclusion all i say is that without computers in this world.
for example, if you have a history project, and you need to know about china, you can use the computer.
some people like country and some people like alternative.
the ways that i use my computer is by staying in contact with my friends, a family, and it also helps me with my school work.
i do not agree with libraries censoring what materials they choose to put out for the public.people are differnt and that is okay.
these sites are useful for catching up with friends you might not have seen in years or continue a conversation from minutes ago.
these are my only some reasons why computers dontbenefit society.. in more, more time spent on computers equals less time exercising.
this is another law that says citizens are allowed to think they will of anything.
there were vendors selling balloons, caps, eatables and lot of other things.
people should be able to keep their freedom of speech and be creative without being ridiculed by people
reson is because computer are good for fun stuff.
think of all the people who you know that spend multiple hours on the computer.
in the exact same way, censorship keeps people from enjoying the type of music that they love.
it teaches you bad thing it changes your life.
and no their reading.
computer saved people from losing their house because of the money they made with the help of computers, computers are a good idea to conclude.
dear local newspaper, i strongly think we should have no more computers rather then looking on the computer.
because of computers people are not exercising as much as they should, which is of crucial importance.
they never said what the books were but they kept talking about how they felt and what they would have liked to do with them.
of people learned a dictionary there own using the internet.
but i know that i am benefitting myself by cutting back on the computer.
amybe do a little excercise.
now this sounds like it just lazy but it is something nice to do for a distraction to other things.
it could even locate a wounded soldier.
they need to take those book that discribe anything about crime, drugs, or even movies.
“simple life” saysthe prophet mohammed, “set my heart on high thoughts.”
such as myspace and facebook.
it has four wheels and two doors.
your sight is very important to living.
computers can help people in so many ways you just have to realize it.
computers benefit society because they help connect with far-away places, develop hand-eye coordination and get work done faster.
when you go to a new country, you also get the opportunity to meet new people.
they also give the ability to learn about far away places.
if a person walks by and feels the book is offensive, they need realize that to someone else it might not be and walk away.
we have to watch what we let our kids watch, listen to, and read.
also the music that's making it seem cool to be violent.
don't use the computer.
speaking of which, computers have a very negative affect on relationships nowadays.
when people go on the computer ther are not on for hours straight.
she liked not only the features, but that was an energystar, or eco-friendly.
water clock and sand clock were invented to measure time.
he is a very good man.
first off, as we continue to use computers our natural environment is going to waste.
people use computer for every thing from work to expressing feelings.
first, computers teach people hand-eye coordination.
so on a computer you'll never be bored.
computers actually have a positive effect on the mind and movements.
a teacher once told me that i would not ever achieve my career, because i had piercings.
when we went to
they could go on the computer and tell their friend.
now people can insteadly down load .v.
more and more use computers to get the information they need, which could, in the long run, be hurting them.
now, it is possible to find exactly what you are looking for!
all kinds of stuff is fun.
it is alright to have different beleifs but that shouldnt mean people shouldnt seek to understand others.
finally, people use computers more?
you finally have the chance to talk to your old pal again.
in fact, on websites like alone, you can find a webpage, dedicated to just about anything.
so for his birthday, he got a portable computer, this allowed him to go outside and do his job while getting fresh air and seeing nature.
also magazines like ' ' or ' ' are now showing stories of drugs use, teen pregnancy, or death of famous .
they are all different, but they have one thing in common is to bring old friends and new friends together.
peacocks were in large numbers.
movies and magazines have offensive things in it and can be found any where, but found in a library is gonna be rare.
find out about the culture first.
to start with, millions of people sign up for , , and other website like these to reconnect with people.
it can be very distracting, dangerous, and unhealthy for not exercising.
in addition, you can listen to music, play games, and check sports scores.
it helps the society in a good way because people don't have to look though an old newspaper.
surely you've heard my reasons its okay for people to spend time on the computer you see my point.
the next big topic is .
in this generation, more kids are overweight and obese that any other other generation.
it is very important for babies to have milk.
it is not the libraries fault it is the people who are borrowing them.
even for adults when they need to look up something important they can automatically find it in the computer.
i think that computer can help you in that way the endless sites of information and of better.
as a child is grows up, they are obligated to follow certain rules or take authoritative matters seriously.
that is one way to put it but it is not exercise for your body.
on many occations he found himself in bad situations that he did not know how to deal with.
most of the time those people playing games or music are kids who are bopard.
allowing us to do projects without having to look in old books that maybe not have the info.
for example, picture yourself as a parent and getting your child's report card and find out they have all 's or mostly 's.
i feel so sorry for having sometimes made faces at her.
you probably think that using your computer everyday couldn't form an addiction, but computers can be as addictive as drugs.
i think some people shold limit their time another computer and expand their time doing something important.
but what cams this?
we need to stop all this over protection in our libraries of all places.
on the computers you could research a place and look at pictures before you go.
dear , have you ever noticed how different our society is today, even from just ten years ago?
it goes along with me in the morning.
being able to play games for free on your computer is awesome.
also they're probally looking for jobs.
i can say that books and songs have saved lives.
i know it is alot better to talk to a family because they already know you.
i personaly love reading books like comic books with super heros in them.
she asked my sister to switch off the transistor.
there would be no more internet.
however, should a fifth grader be allowed to pick up a book about abortions at such a young age?
i started looking out of the window.
i am clearly in favor of owning and using computers.
and the library is a good way to search and find information about anything
people benefit from computers by getting everything and anything done from them.
the last reason why we should have computer.
during school kids have projects and without computers.
i think that we should take that freedom and apply it to censorship.
pediatrician and middle schoolers are very much the most popular users of the interner, because they are mostly very tired and at school.
many people don't realize that some families can not be with eachother so easily as other.
people bargain with him before buying things.
you would hardly ever get bored!
birdie eats grains, fruits and insects.
without computers, who knows where our society would be?
there are many other things you can do on the computer like visit some friends.
just keep that in mind people.
it is very beautify place and i am very like to spend the evening in the home garden.
everyone has some friends.
this is just one reason why i think offensive, distracting and inappropriate material should be moved to its own section of the .
also, i can see why they would want to take that stuff off the shelves.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
i think censorship should be left up to the parents of that child.
i have noticed that some movies are affensive to other people.
they taly to my grandparents, then friends, and even use it to arrange events with other people.
if you find a book to be offensive, you can simply stop reading the book.
i myself have talked with my sister in a different room while using the computer so the computer lets you interact with friends and family too!
i once has to drive hours to see my grandma in .
also, people spend too much time in front the computer now a days, , its a major distraction and also a negetive effect on kids.
when you go on the computer you have clue who you are talking to unless your thier friends.
this is not good.
you think your way in good and the other erson way is not.
most people used computers.
once the software has been installed, it will usually lead you, step by step, through the process of paying your bills.
i can't wait to get to that paragraph.
was one of the top picked books by high school students.
sure you think your brain is thinking by playing a challenging computer game, & sure, in some ways, it is.
dear newspaper, or to whom this article concern.
, computers have great effects that are positive towards people.
so, don't spent your life on the computer but use it for our needs.
it isn't horrible but it is sometimes bad but also sometimes good but
the question is what effects do computers have on people?
chatting can also help you like if there is an emergency.
dear , i believe computers are a huge benefit to society.
the student explains why he/she wasn't able to get any information.
we can get all that we need and more off of books.
while they talk with friends with , it is not the same as going to the park with friends and playing a game of baseball.
once you see what you like on it or what you want you can change.
every body loves taking with their friends and family and this is made easier by using computers.
dear , is a lot of technology including the biggest hit, the computer.
i urge people to dump and .
people should spend a lot less time on their computer.
computer are one of the main reasons of our nations obessed rate being as big as it is now including junk foods like mcdoanld.
republic day and independence day function at national and regional levels are also shown on television.
also, people can pay their bills online which saves paper.
some stories are there for our entertainment, some catch our emotions, and some our there for our knowledge.
finally you can also use them for planning.
i have a friend name , and she is a computer addict.
i was still a nobody.
he gives us moral lessons.
i even have an application for it on my cellphone.
overall society needs computers and they have and overwhelming positive affect on society.
so i hope you make a good chouse.
thats why i say we do not take away offensive materials.
do you know online you can exercise your brain?
every book can't be perfect for that person.
people spent more time on it than outside or exersizing or even getting together with friends and family.
if they took down stuff that was offensive then we would have nothing interesting to read.
now people can pull out their or player and listen to music.
my cousin and i were both given the same research paper to do.
books can teach us so much about the past, we can learn so many things from books then anywhere else in the world.
she took it with her everywhere she went.
how would you feel?
the time is now to step up to the plate, librarians.
people need exercise to live and with computers it is becoming more lacking than ever.
the people behind these pictures and profiles not be who you think they are.
you wanna be able to go for a walk instead of being cooped up in the house on the computer.
you also see you friends in school or at work everyday but you don't really get to sit and ""catch up"" with each other.
everyone expects to see the flawlessly inked letters on the printer paper in whatever piece of writing it is.
since the hospital was a private one, the salaries were rather low.
whether its playing games, checking , or even working, peoples' valuable time is getting used up.
although people aren't outside being active, computers still benefit in a good way.
a quick facebook account or , and you'll still be good friends.
today these are so many social networking sites people can improve their mental health and cause there selp esteem by talking to people on a daily basis.
she did that because of a made up story her mother checked out at a library.
i know you the local newspaper, have a very hard job and decision to make.
the answer to that question is that it should not be sensored removed.
now when you're sitting on the computer daily and for hours eating these sparks.
finally, computers allow you to learn about other places.
so, yes there are good and bad things talked about computers but without them we wouldn't have a modern era.
nobody can really help with what people find in the library but i think it's a good idea to keep that kind of stuff in a public place.
none people would be inside on the computer.
and by sitting infront of a computer eating, you'r not getting your exercise that is needed so people are getting fat.
well a lot of people tell on rely on thier computer when they're down.
the question is then, do computers really benefit society or do they have a negative affect on people?
millions of parents and kids spend at least minutes a day on the computer.
she began failing classes.
there are also hard drive discs that you can play with to help you enhance on your reading skills.
the altercation ended only when he passenger had enjoyed the last puff.
i think the computers help your brain think more and computers are advanced technology.
that would be a lot harder if you had to write letters.
so they can talk to their friends.
another horrifying conclusion that the computer does to us is rip apart us from our loved ones.
everyone has their own opinion and can make their own choice on what they want to read or what they do not want to read.
that's what this is.
some of these relatives live very far away or not have a phone to talk on, so you can talk to them here.
it just is not fare and it's a waist of time to me if someone has to complane about something so dumb.
well since you are still reading on that means you cannot make up your mind.
i go to bed at i usally stay on the computer for an hour or two depends if i'm doing a project.
many people like the offencive things in books, movies and soforth.
and why waste time on the computer.
usually after that, they are done with the magazine.
computers are convienient because you pay bills on the internet.
so as you can see computers arn't just a pain.
some people spend to much time on the computers then on homework people need to stop.
second to leern about far away places, and our society.
my mom hates wasting, so instead of me driving to a friend we .
don't you agree that computers help people?
just imagine, late at night, pm, no library, no computer, and a giant essay due tomorrow.
but she never punishes them.
i loved each moment of it.
so save youself some time and just keep the few so called 'offensive' materials.
are growing fast they are meant in be active and playful and without any active sport like dancing nor basketball they are going to grow big.
as a parent or legal gardian, most children look up to you.
, of people use computers for many different types of things.
i dont believe that computers can be dangerous they make people lazy and you can be easily scammed on the computer.
for people with no transportation, this'll help make their lives a little easier than it is.
dear i believe it is true many people use computers and that many more will use them in the future.
computers are also very useful for learning and organizational purposes.
things like that are creating problems for parents as well as people around them.
so when someone picks up a book and finds harmful or un-appropriate words or phrases in them, they instantly get the wrong idea about the book.
obviously, computers and sites like these have to have a positive effect on the world.
kids get into reading when they can enjoy what they read or listen to.
when this happens people will start becoming dependent on a computer.
reaserch is a good example because everyone uses the computer to find whatever it is that people are looking for on it.
being outside and enjoying yourself is a big thing for your body to survive.
in additional people think it keeps them busy.
finally one more thing you can do on a computer is talk to people online.
with that being said, i have come up with, what i believe to be a very good idea on what should be done in libraries.
this can be very dangerous.
there is also website like face book that let you talk to your friends websites like that connect people.
when something goes against too many of those things, people get upset.
its fast, easy and safe.
the internet can millions websites and photo on a wide variety of toys and faster than any other method.
how would you like to read or listen to something disrespecting and calling you out of your name such as, ' did you say to me '?
so are you going to let technology pass you by?
this nads to people caring less about our planet and animals.
these are the reasons why the computers is a bad thing, so remember these tips, take this article into consideration.
you use computers to make store send your newpaper articles and without computers you wouldn't be able to keep everybody up to date.
i think people take little things such as, curse words, or if the book or magizine is talking about drugs people take offensve.
they get to interact with people who arent safe, they spend less time exercising and they get into more trouble thean before.
they have forgotten a kind of family feeling among the neighbors.
but if we take away every book that a person does not like then what do we have left to learn from.
if there is a book that a child's gurdian disapproves of; keep it up to them to forbid their child not to read it.
stick around if you want the anecdote for the computer virus so people can be cured.
i strongly belive that computers have a great effect on people all around the world.
students should spend more time with their families, they should exercise more, and lastly focus more on their grades in school.
its bad for kids, so stop it!
this is why hand-eye coordination is important to people.
another reason is because its a good hands on eye coordination on adults and students.
just because that is what my family believes in does not mean that it should be taken of the shelves of the library or any other place.
the bicycle is very useful poor man’s vehicle.
spending most of your time on your computer, you don't spend time with your family and friends.
however, i see these books, i don't make a big deal about it.
and you don't have thier number you will tot alk to them during they are on the internet.
i don't know about you but i am definatley going to look it up on google (internet search engine).
because they can get over weight.
such as e-mail.
in conclusion, i believe that computers have a great effect on people around the planet.
dear editor, i have heerd about me advance in technology dispute.
dear local newspaper, you have a computer at home you enjoy?
its regular care makes it move smoothly and fast.
chantrail a grade student says ""only people who want to learn something or meet new friends will use the computers.
technology is a part of life today, & will continue increasing with the years.
it was invented by a scientist, jhon logie baird.
instead of typing '', you could just for it in a library.
not only does the computer give them knowlege of things that happen in the past but also things happening in current times.
some people make some ornaments and fancy
like last year my friend went to poland and we were able to talk threw are computers!
with that being said, it is the library's job to please the public's desires for entertainment.
this can go on and on.
this is a bad thing because your not yourself anymore and if it goes to far you can't even a move.
if a specific book is requested and one person finds it offending, the book should stay in the library.
like i said before, when you use the computer you use it for an extended amount of time.
this is another first hand acount of the place.
you see none.
yes, some people do waste all their time, online but they have issues.
dear local newspaper, waste your time learning at home when thats what schools for?
one in five children are obese.
another effect is learning about computers and how to use it step one turn it on.
then all you have to do is press print to get a hard copy.
unaware at there surroundings, many people zone to their computer screens and only break absolutely necessary.
these things are placed on either side of your screen to get money from you.
science teacher says that "" excersize is better than doing anything non active also it can be fun.
any way a computer is used has the potential to have a positive effect on someone.
there's your child's grades with just a click of the cursor.
in seconds there will be thousands thousands of results.
he shouts in the street in an interesting tone.
connecting old friends and faraway family, finding great nature spots, and finding local and excersize equipment are three very hard things to do.
we can not talk to my family or friends.
you could also talk to your friends in a chat room with other friends or alone.
he often quarrels with others over small things but soon forgets about it.
to reiterate, the mind of human is a unique one, that identifies with no other.
a cmputer is a great way for communication.
lets say you had a job designing houses to be built.
i' not saying that books should be removed off the shelf, just maybe put up higher, and be watched over more carefully
shopping going with you friends and family.
when you write a paper do you want to have to write it once then go back and write it more times?
each section should be written to speak the truth but also in a respectful manner.
face it, everybody needs it!
i think that this would be fair for everyone.
you would be amazed on the amount and different things people can get offended by.
all they have to do is click and there there reading it all and probally seeing pics and stuff of it.
there is a direct connection between the lack communication at home for teens & computer usage.
ill never forget the time that my close freinds moved, but i was still able to talk to him of the .
also, from says that language students such as spanish and french have higher success rate if they have a computer to learn more about the countries.
from school fund raisers to the lunch menu its all there.
computers can help kids that are in school who want to learn new things.
they are one of the most growing technologies in our world.
also, in the issue , a recent poll showed that of people who own computer use it to talk instead of on a phone.
computers are always going to be used and never put to waste.
people spened to much time on the computer.
the computer's intricate experience helps future engineers or even pilots develop a focus and hand-eye coordination that could save lives.
what do you do?
his buisiness transfered all the way to .
some censoring has to be done to protect people.but it all comes down to common sense.
with things easier to get now a days like fast food, and drugs, i don't think that computers help.
some people take offence to certain books, songs, movies, magazines, etc.
computers help us do research they keep us connected with friends and family and they are required to be used at some .
so i hope those of people and even people that don't own computers are on my side.
think of a world with no computers or technologicall advancements.
is there one at your house?
i always thought that was part of our constitutional right.
also, you will become cranky and want do what your parents tell you to do because your mind will be so into your computer screen.
kids spend to much time on computers.
i know computer is a lot of money but sometime good to have it.
if someone thinks the content in a book, song, or movie is offensive, then they should not read or listen to it.
just because you do not agree with every little thing that someone writes, does not mean that someone else in the world does not.
the same goes for jobs, for example a person might need to set up a powerpoint presentation.
in conclusion the society is at a sad state with how much they rely on computers.
you want to know about a culture just go to the internet"" a teache from .
the amount of time put into gaming.
no defenitly not.
that is what makes a movie: a hero and a vilian.
i remember when i was twelve, the news was saying that a school was taking books off the shelf because it offended one person in the school.
computers cause you to isolate yourself.
well while we were busy playing mom and dad were busy as well.
(not finished!!!)
where would we be in science and medicine without computers?
all the games have a rating on them so you should have an adult check that game rating before you let your child get that game.
in history, we were doing research on the world hunger crisis in our allied countries.
one of the most important effect of computers on people is no exersise.
the greater or go of a computer make us know we don't have do that many stuff.
so if you don't have money to by a back pack you don't need one your mates stay right where you left them.
sure, teenagers think they know it all but they still shouldnt be allowed to read something that adults do.
our time most of the time is spent with our families not our friends came over.
while social networks are great and all, computers can also make work extremely easy and proffesional-looking.
he ran to a wayside boutique.
having good hand-eye coordination will get you far in life, and helps with small, everyday things such as playing an instrument, or doing household chores.
if there were those soprt of restrictions then schools would lack much of histories best literature.
it depends on a persons personal views or beliefs.
there is noise everywhere.
both bright and weak students fear examinations.
time my computers crashed and i had a report due but all the books were gone.
also, you can use it for researching purposes.
can you imagine having to drive to people's houses just to talk to them.
just because one might not believe in what a story says, it does not mean that the piece of literature should be forbidden.
people need to be able to speek their minds and beliefs.
in conclusion, computers, although an advance in technology, have very negative side affects.
first of all, computers help us a great deal with homework.
it sucks us into a virtual world that is sometimes 'bloody' or 'war-like?
the than is i thank thay not thak it well be to hard to race a chiled at a young age.
dear local newspaper, i believe computers have a good effect on people.
this is because not only is quicker, but simpler as well.
and my last reason is because you can send messages to a far away place by using e-mail.
ever since i had brought down the habbit od being a user my guardian has stated the light bill gas decreased.
while you are on the computer your not really maintaing a social life.
you can learn history or about the present time.
dear , i have been informed that recently, people are questioning the use of computers.
they will just keep taking what freedoms we have until we are nothing more that a dictatorship
online interaction is not like just talking to someone in person or on the phone.
besides education computers touch upon our economy as well.
but computer are very helpful in lots of way and its so fun.
we then had our dinner.
this gives you really great eye sight and amazing hand eye cordonation.
computers hurt society more than it helps.
to be honest libraries should have sections of books depending on the age or grade they are in.
whenever she hears a blonde joke she laughs and say something funny to go with it.
all children do is lay down and watch tv or play video games.
lastly, computers lets us explore new places.
i was spending around hours online and getting on sleep.
use the for an hour a time and take rests before using it again.
as you can see, time is a valuable thing which computers can help save.
like making holiday and birthday cards.
staring at a computer screen for a long amount of time will not keep you fit or in shape.
your sitting at home crying because your special other has moved far away from you well computers are a great way to reconect with that person.
computers help everyone a lot.
also you never know when you'll need to catch somthing.
using a computer for communication is extremly helpful it allows you to do so many things without travelling for, like video chatting.
if you want to watch a movie just put in a dise or even rent on off itunes or netflicks.
also computers help in science, by going to and asking questions like, ""what is matter or what are .
they can also see how nice or bad the countries and states look.
enyways thats my opinion.
i agree so because one, it can help you to communicate with other family members around the world.
"" mom i'm playing on the computer!""
the money the give to the government is to take care the homeless people.
there are many reasons why computers are bad and sometimes even worse.
it's just a natural part of growing up.
she turned it in, and the teacher gave it back the following day.
my first reason is computer teach you hand eye coordination.
many products such as paper, gum, rubber, etc, are obtained from trees.
for example they show things about mythology for making a pat.
these people are not alone.
aamous social worker says "" people use these websites it helps them with their vocabulary and social abilities.""
jobs such as and any type of police work provide sarely for people all around the united states and other parts of the world.
how do i stay in contact with them you use?
but, even besides having bad people online, computers can with your privacy.
once i got into the orchard and climbed up a huge mango tree.
so, turn off your computer get off your couch, and enjoy your life.
such as , , or . ""
everyone needs exercise.
all teachers should have their own website that you can get from there.
it take you away friends because they might say hey let's go out to the mall or a drink youll probably say check up on somethings online.
some people say that these things are dangerous, that is only if you start talking to people you don't know.
i can assure you that technocal upgrades only harm our people.
for example, you can learn about other countries and how it's different from our country and how their alike.
although, can also to one or the bad things about computers, which is that people spent to much time on the them.
fast food companies like contribute to obesity, so do computers.
in addition, if we become has reliant of computers diagnos, what happens when they get faulty?
but you don't notice any of because you're plopped down in front of your comuter tapping away on or email.
dear newspaper , have you ever taken into consideration how much an effect technology has on our society?
but why so many?
now, lets bring this letter to an end.
it allows you to make an account such as twitter, facebook, and more.
i believe for these reasons that computers have bad affects on people.
now people are useing the computer like they are nutting.
i remember the time i was having trouble in math, so my teacher gave me this website called a .
if books would have to be remove from the library then everybody would start taking all the books out.
for instance,if i were to take the '' series off the selves then all the '' fans would be ferious and upset.
it doesn't give you the right info always, you could do better things in life and is very distracting.
time is a very important factor for us.
computers allow you to interact with them with webcams.
it does have some racism in it like certian rappers say bad words that aren't really sutible for young viewers.
first and foremost, the use of computers will tribute to better research.
these books appear unappealing and offensive.
don't you?
people of our society are spending to much time on computers, and not enough time exersizing and interacting with family and friends.
if so had done it affect thous.
inside of this book could be countless inappropriate pictures and profanity on every page.
with this i agre, as many children and adults are counted and labeled as obese, or overweigt.
i personally feel that computers are an advantage but also disadvantage.
half of the time the statues are of a naked person.
one of the reasons computers can be benefitial to our daily life is what it can give us.
i beleive that if something is taken off a shelf because it doesn't seem appropriate enough i stand for whoever it is that did it.
i remember meeting the girl.
if anything they help together!
i think that some people are not getting enough exercise and i also think that you can get lazy on the computer is bad too.
i simply do not find any of it right that few peoples opinion's should matter depending on what they find offensive for two reasons.
people are having less, and less human interactions as computers become more popular.
if the librarians are letting young kids check out explicit music, and movies, they should possibly be fired.
for example, if you are playing games on the computer for hours, it can strain your eyes.
in my opinion i think that censorship shouldn't be allowed in libraries.i think that people are smart enough to make their decisions on what they want to read.
people can look at information faster than ever with this device.
you can win small or lose big they say coumputers today are hd.
and that my friends is not alright.
while on the internet you could talk to friends and family who live for away.
she was neat and clean that she got promoted.
don't forget without computers we be who we are.
libraries are almost in every town.
in conclusion, i think using the internet is very good and will not effect your exercise, or interacting with family.
you can also talk to different people who like you.
censorship in libraries i believe that there should be censorship in libraries.
it maybe crazy to think that a kid would go out and murder someone because he saw people do it in a movie, but it could happen.
alstly, some people like to gosep to others online.
social networking sites, such as , , , and play a huge wrolein everyday life.
no you wouldnt't.
the world wouldnt be any different if we were to pull all of these offensive materials off the shelves.
another example is when ever i watch .v on it says that people learn about learn about faraway places and people on the internet of the time.
young boys are snagged early, their futures now controlled by this disease.
an i can check how teams are doing.
having these programs helps kids stay in touch with friends that moved away.
the books on the libraries banned book list should be in the libray also, the books are just books weather you read them or not is your choice.
however, what happens when we don't get enough?
and only occasionally would he get an or two from his asking how his days was.
i think computers benifit our comunties a lot.
i don't like 's book on eveolution; but because of our freedom of speech, he has every right to write about his discoveries and belifs.
chemicals are used in the fields.
for sometime, they forget about studies.
some people even on them to stay in touch with family or at war.
every day you learn something new!
getting information from the computer is very debatable.
instead of mailing, you could e-mail.
those advances have shaped our lives, and made everything much easier.
yes computers have had a lot to do with a lot of technical advances, but at what cost do these technological advances come?
also, facebook that you can and people that you probly havent seen in a long time.
computers have effected people positivley in many ways, so, click away!
talking online is a great way to connect with friends and people you haven't seen in a long time, but too much of that can start problems.
conneticing through the internet through programs like is important for buissnesses as it helps them make decisions faster will ultimatly effect us.
this fact is quite amazing, because these people could have been getting more things accomplished in this time.
we are getting more and more advantsed in so many ways, ' kinda crazy!
also love how noone has to be in the helicopters so don't have to worry.""
yesterday evening i was doing my homework in my room.
when we read a classic, we are in communication with a great mind and get a moral contentment.
it protects its master’s property as its own.
well my time is up here.
people get excirsize even when they don't knew it like walking have so they are not of that.
and so forth my decision is to not remove certain materail, only if offensive.
well thats why need the computer!
so that doesn't happen again.
you can use computers to meet people from different countries.
this is another reason computers are an impact.
just, if they really wanted to selll their product that much, that bad, than they should sell online.
you need your brain cells for school.
let them do what they want to
the falt goes to the parents and the libraries.
new in the have you ever seen a movie or read a book that you did not want your kids/family to read?
but at it a good source of for them.
people should'nt have their favorite book taken off shelves just to see that the guy right next to him found the book he loves.
i soon found out yes, they were.
censorship should definitely be in effect in places like public libraries where young children are bound to be.
only is it rude and ruining the experience for the reader, but it is also destroying someone else's property.
the camels carry the people’s food, goods, water and other
if you have a webcamyou can even video chat, and ask them questions about their country, or what they like.
computers are a very helpful tool that benefit everyone in society.
if i want to listen to music, tehn i can go on the computer, look up a song, and listen to it.
if us children did not learn that at an early age many of them would be in some very rough situations today.
today i'm going againt the views on the censorship in the libraries.
said a local resident.
most should be enjoying nature instead of staying on the computer.
the reasons believe that is because the computer teaches us a lot of things, you can also find a relitive you have not seen in a long time.
so, limit yourself time you spend on the computer.
please consider the following that computers have a negative effect on people.
even if your just happens in you can keep in touch through email.
the editor for the local states "" parents live over miles away.
people don't respect the natural beauties that nature has to offer.
aforementioned, obesity is issue.
it doesn't matter how they look or how they talk, no matter what, that person beautiful.
but think of all the advantages compared to the disadvantages.
you can also talk online with your friends or family the moved or lives far away around .
without a computer, you'd be hopeless.
i implore the citizens of the area to cut down on internet time and go outside to enjoy nature.
if it wasnt for establishments such as libraries most people would be the same as the others and not have a sense of character to themselves.
there is nothing to worry about.
sometimes you can even play with you friends online with a online game.
it's as easy as that.
lastly it gives student a chance to research a topic they are learning about.
people who are against computer are giving people in chairs or controlling them, it's just silly.
the topic of and the be found to be offensive because of what they stand for.
thats why i would look into the opinion of others.
it's not going to change.
there are many things that us kids don't know and if we need some deep information we search it on the computer.
in south africa, he worked to improve the condition of indians living there.
also when people use computers too much, they loose valueble skills.
most of the time the true facts will always be there.
by this i mean face to face time, not just video chatting with your friends on facebook.
i think that a cencorship in libraries isn't needed.
i use computers to do all my essays and book reports for i also use it for look at the news to see ehats going on in the world.
and my last reson is it give you hand-eye coordination 't you sick of haveng to go to the book stor and find a book to do a project?
kids try to learn people talk like websites things that they are not able to and over they can see are on .
i hope you agree on my topic.
some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
say its not good for you i hope you liked my prompt so it can go in the newspaper.
censorship in a library there are a plethora of books to choose from.
this man, , was assigned a from the farms of who had never been out of the fields.
in this way, the computer provides a secure route to better hand-eye coordination.
rain is both a blessing and a curse.
the worst thing of all you were not able to spend time with the family member that you love the most.
knows that your hands are the most oversized part of you body, the computer help down the movements to hone hand eye cordenation.
dear , a computer is a benefit.
computers are positive and they can help you when you are stuck or need to look something up.
it will be sad if you throw your life away just because of a computers.
people should be atleast taking along walk everyday.
if you don't want your kid to cuss or be surrounded by cussing then remove them from that situation.
never in your life have you seen an .
so that bocome a total of and odd dollars going down the dawn.
it's excruciating imperative for people to use the computer for only or hours a day.
i am discussing.
there not be a book in a local library for a student to use, but the will have many website and blogs for him/her to use.
but there are some people who cant get ehogh of magazines.
i went to serve my country.
i say who cares?
you can go on sites that you on your .
so i am going to talk about what i have heard about my family seeing or finding books, music, movies, and magazines offensive.
dear , , some people do spend most of the day on the computers, but not everyone.
it also gives you location and dates of different events that have happened in what you are looking up.
emails, and other softwares allow people to communicate accross the world.
people need lot of exersise to maintain weight and muscle.
the library staff could put those books in the alternative section.
it can be done with the help of the mortar and pestle.
they are more likely to remember better than those who do not read and also have a bigger vocabulary.
computers teach us and sometimes can guide you.
chinese readers started "" belive the things that are easily accessed on computers are poisoning the minds of the youth.""
also with computers it saves papers on maps and we do not wast as much trees.
for example computers are good for motor skills and what about school work computers help a lot when you forget your homework log at school and lastly sociability!
interpretation of great scriptures, classics and literature, autobiographies of great men, history etc.
there is an endless amount of things you can do on the computer and as far as advances in technology this is only the beginning.
without the constant use of computers there would be more free time for people to get outside, or play sports.
this material plants a bad seed in the mind of our youth.
some experts say that people spend too much time on the computer and while that be true to some people, its not true to everyone.
keep them so people can understand life the easy way and the hard way.
and we always make time to go see our family and friends.
let's use my religious beliefs for an example.
well you have axcess to the through your computer.
to begin, computers bring you constant a stream of knowlage.
how that i'm explaining about your of exercise.
lastly, my final reason is the most simplest; enjoy nature explore the outside instead of living on the inside.
computers are very intelligent pieces of equipment and if you know how to use a computer you will most likley hae a high paying carreer.
many people know that children are most likely to want to do exactly the opposite of what they are told to do.
i would like to say computers are not interacting with family, friends, nature or anything of that sort.
do you think that libraries should remove certain materials off the shelves?
for example people usually are not very good catching a ball at first but of course if you keep on practicing you will get better.
things outher are so much prettier than you computer screen, trust me.
computers might do that but is the hand-eye coordination ever used?
i would take a wild guess that they are mostly about sex and violence.
people will alway get fit faster if they excersise instead of staying on the computer.
from ants to its all there.
freedom of speech has been around almost since the beginning of this nation.
too much and get too used writing like that.
well you can always use the computer to find out more about the place.
rather than your child on the computer learning, chatting or just playing games, safe and sound in your home or community place.
one of those many childern was who was in hiding from the gustappo or ' '.
three reasons that support my decision are the difference between reality and fantacy, family and friends, and your health.
dear local , i have been infromed that people don't get to talk to friends/family, enjoy nature and exercise because of computers.
even going on the computer and 'surfing the web' for stuff like that is a little bit crazy, but thats their choice.
through all of this, they have returned little to society.
the games kids play could help them learn more.
but when you do something on the computer your not soposes to do, you get stuck on a website you can't get off your screen.
though online activity can be helpful spending too much time can be harmful.
ten , who would have thought that they could chat and talk directly with same one a thousand miles , with no mail or telephone or whats over?
i disagree that most books are offensive to readers i believe that they just help the writers get their points across.
there are some materials that are bad but can be only purchesed at the age of eight-teen.
among the animals we can include goats, lambs, hares or rabbits also.
they get back their energy and feel relaxed.
if anything should be banned from a library it should be censorship itself!
supervisation is a powerful thing.
libraries should never remove any material just because it be found offensive.
if we implement this system of censorship, our who lives would become one big judgement.
worked as a post master and a storekeeper.
plus, the research i have found is just as accurate as a book from a library.
that can make you gain weight.
another less important thing about the computer is it gives many people entertainment.
so that computers giving you this ability to learn about faraway places is really helpful to the human society.
finally, you can understand the world around you.
when people coordinate with their hands on the computer its so they know were the different are thats why computers are good.
computers allow all of these essentials to be part of society, and the way this generation has decided to start our lives.
computers are great because they allow you to talk online.
as my mom says only an hour aa day is good.
most students use the computers to type college essays, project etc.
but if they do not put offensive things on the shelves they will not end up being in a law suit
another big is those stupid online games.
taking out the pieces in the library, will be useless in the long run.
you can learn about different places much faster than you would if you read a book.
i couldn't understand why some people's parents view some of the subject matter in her books as too mature for our age group.
reading, listening, learning, about this stuff isn't going to make your child a horrible person.
that is why computers we needed a lot now adays.
they refresh themselves for the remaining periods.
lots of people have families and kids and they don't want their kids to have to see that kind of stuff.
with computers thoshands of kids are missing out on the fresh air and adventures that nature has in store.
being with your family is important because their fun go out with.
these skills be needed in their job field.
everyone has feelings and it hurts when they are offended.
people buying selling talking and shouting.
not all use an email, some use instant messaging.
they say that everyone has the right to read or listen to whatever he or she wants to.
computers also allow people to talk to each other via the .
<@num2> of people say they have a better social life online then out in the open when their friends might not be there to talk.
in the future, we will require computers in most of our daily work.
dear readers, you imagine not talking to distant friends, only knowing about your town, or even failing you didnt ha a ?
i think people shouldn't use the computer when they have a vistor over their house they don't their vistor think you are attracted to the computer.
so if you wouldn't mind sit back get relacked in a good comfortable spot, because here we go.
we can progress by doing hard work.
third of all.
artists have also discovered talents, by playing around with or .
i feel that humans should not use computers, or at least use them very scarcely.
our connection with nature was strong.
i think they are trying to put technology in libraries and im not for that.
people spend hours on these websites talking to people and forget how to talk face to face.
learning and studying new and important things.
it warns us about, natural disaster.
what if you were looking for a new home?
finally most jobs today use computers.
google is the number one searching website we have.
computers help you learn and research, which is faster than going to the library and getting a book.
if we start censoring our libraries then all that history will be forgoten, and/or lost.
finally, is one of the most obese places in the whole world.
i think it is all the persons decision to be on the computer as long as they want.
in a recent survey, of kids felt their hand eye coordination improves after computer use.
i over heard two girls talking.
for example, news reporters have to write a report and type it for their company in order to get it to publish.
without a doubt, computers are a very good thing.
i went on the internet in and get all the info that i needed.
i believe that people are entitled to their own opinion about what they choose to listen to, read or watch, everybody has their own level of maturity.
on a computer you can program , design presentations, documents, drawings, maps, graphs, almost anything you put you mind to can be virtually made.
they just give us what we need and want.
this website is even more dangerous then or .
i do feel, however, that little children should not be given even the slightest chance to stuble upon a book with disturbing material.
so hows the time; lets join together and raise awareness of the negitive effects of computer!
i'm sure you don't want an death.
there is alot of books that parents don't want their children to read, but libraries arn't going to take them off the selfs.
how would people know that egypt looked like year ago?
it was my favorite part everyday.
another reason is that they do not spend enough time with family.
some reasons why i think this are school work and business stuff.
you are what you eat is what i say.
this shows that even ""a"" students are getting bad grades from being on the .
all you gotta do is go to that certain room, look for , check out and you got a nice book to be reading anytime.
buses were late and overcrowded.
the fairies were singing beautiful songs.
i think that an excerise day should be mode and turned into a tradition.
if we looked back in time, one would need to travel to a doctor and pay to have your problem checked out.
also from my own exprience i have read a book about in the stadges of our history where they were salves and were hung for their punishment.
the younger kids wont know what bad words are until they get older.
without computers, i would need to call each person individualy, but with computers i can write one message and send it to everyone all at once.
i went to with a group of my cousins and their friends.
computers help re-connect with people, has a fabulous search engine and watch videos.
i had a friend who used to spend all her time on the computer.
hopefully, everyone keeps every book on the shelves.
there are many reasons movies can be offensive.
next day they changed the house and shifted to their son’s residence, in the nearby colony.
mailing a letter could take weeks to reach the recipiant.
she ate more and her excercise time was spent more on the computer that on her body.
i also find it faster to type then print.
it is points and views from an anti-slavery author.
a teacher can change the fortune of his students.
what parent would want there child learning about sex at a young age?
i would not want to go to a place that did not look eye catching.
computers definatly have an unhealthy affect on people who use them.
not to mention you can buy games like of or : for your !
instead of completely banning some texts, why not move them to another section of the library?
like mentioned before, computers can give straight foward directions.
so lets recap on what we learned!
its not as easy to keep children from the volgure things in the new technology.
in some ways when you use the computer and you type, the typing exercises your fingers.
which brings us to the arguement of censorship on anything, because what some people find offensive others not.
though there are so many people yet no cheerful voices are heard.
most of the time it takes me hours to do my homework, but is i had a computer it probly only take me minutes to do it.
my father explained to me that the sound was due to the landing and takeoff of the airplanes.
don@caps2 think so.
when kids are on computers they always click on the up ads.
also i used to be big, (as in overweight) because i never went outside to exercise or in my own room.
many people days dont get enough exercise and the lack of healthy people is costing the tax payers millions.
people who thinks that the computers is a helping thing to use but said "" people learn much easier from family of friends then from a computer.
their food is frogs and eggs.
you see many residents just dying to go to foreign countries but have no money.
my first reason why computers are good is that you communicate with other people.
the books on the shelf are arranged or should be arranged in alphabetical order with the last name of the author first.
computers dont make things go faster.
one example is that people that stay on the computer wont have much fun on other people.
to forget is to remember at another time.
they help keep friendships when you don't see the friend constantly.
books could be outdated but the computer will always have uptodate answers.
then if you don't want to waste time driveing to buy a te-shirt you can just go on the computer and buy one.
last month i went with my family to attend my cousin brother’s wedding.
it is not right for the kids to see any offensive or uncensored material.
so come to gether get a friend go for a run now and then.
one of the first questions he aske was, do you use a computer on a daily basis?
when he was a
who doesn't like meeting new people, because i do.
computers a good thing or bad thing?""
driving a car or writting all invile hand-eye coordination.
some have never been offended.
you also have friends page to see how you are doing.
computers also have some more ""practical"" uses.
don't listen to it if you don't like it, it doesn't mean you have to ruin it for everyone else.
a student could not go to the country so they went to the second base thing the computer.
computers help buisnesses thrive, keep people people aware of what is going on in the world, and allow people to stay in touch with each other.
one person could think the material is offensive, but someone else might want to learn more about it.
people cannot agree on whether computers are a good privelage to the society or just bumping it down year after year.
in a recent survey, it was found that people who read books online save an additional a year more than people who buy books.
so, why not the freedom of writing?
in addition, most people use computers.
then you couldn't go out; and reading books can become boring after a while, and maybe there was nothing on tv for you to watch.
research, communication act.
also,i recently learned and am getting pretty good.
somtimes the kids can get it in there head that they can do what they see or read.
most people that have computers can use them for e-mailing friends.
using a computer helped hand eye coordination.
so, what do you think?
people are getting no exercise due to computers.
you can learn.. computers are a very big part in the learning experience.
i think computers help people out because you can learn about at here thing like you want a job you can look it up in the computers.
they could drop out of school early and live their lives as people who can't learn for themselves.
what is going to happen to all of the sports in the world.
to begin, computers must remain in our community because they teach even young children hand-eye coordination.
books, music, and movies today talk a lot about sexual intercourse, illegal drugs, and criminal involvement.
a survey conducted by muscles shows that of their members get stronger and more fit by new exercises.
they improve our minds and awaken our souls.
for relationships like family and friends having a computer to talk from if they are far away is great.
another example, is you can use it for projects, get all your information and be prepare for a great project.
parents and teachers are always pushing their kids to go out, read and learn new topics other than what is being taught in the classroom or at home.
or should we let them understand how it really works
it could of been making spread sheet, designing logos, editing someones or getting new clients.
youtube is not all swearing and bad videos.
dear local newspaper, !
does your child have a question from school that even you can't answer?
most of the problems or issues all have to do something with someones health.
hand-eye coordination is very helpful in sports.
i am mostly on the computer instant messaging.""
in conclusion, this is why i think that computers are a positive effect on people.
as i grew older, i began to dwelve into more adult books such as politics and religion.
the effects of over-use on a computer can severely change a persons life!
scientists use computers to do research on things for their ecperiments.
every movie is going to have something that someone will love and someone will hate.
if a book is offensive thats not a reason to take it off the shelves we watch movies in school today showing the past when had slaves.
without the internet i probably would have lost my interest in .
that is why when coming to a decision on how we should handle this, it is going to take much more thinking than a couple of days.
these people need to get a change.
of people who get divorced happen because of the arguements over the amount of time spent on the computer. ""
if you don't like there books then order online or go to a book store.
you can also add an image by copy and pasting; which will inhance your work.
if you stay on longer than that you will start to get a head-ach.
and if you take it away they never find it.
for the who like to they can pick whatever book they want that they feel confortable with.
before, students would have to do the painstaking process of searching in books.
i mean the parents have to open there eyes and seethis a buetiful thing.
computers contribute to people who want to learn.
i wet to the big kids side as i called it and tried to check the book out.
being neglegent of family by always being on the computer can draw people apart.
certain computer games can improve our hand eye cordination.
they teach us hand-eye coordination, help teach you about faraway places and people, and finally you can talk online with familly and friends.
because computers have way more storage for more information.
the problem we are facing today is that too many people are on a computer, most of them are teens.
over of 's have a chat account to talk with family and friends.
many people use computers in their every day life.
here at we have over computers in use throughout the school day.
in libraries there is not as much supervision as their needs to be.
have you ever needed to do a research project, but don't have access to go to your local town library?
no, books should not be taken out of libraries.
online games will still let you talk to your friends but you can have an avatar you can dress up and be creative with.
computers save lives, alows communication, and is a good way for research.
computers make people happy and that makes for a better society because it is happier.
to see if they can get out money fror the bank.
i once had a freind who would allways be outside exersie and playing.
teens do not care if your child is watching when they are fighting; they are not worried about that at that time.
my father uses a computer for his job and he couldn't do his job without one.
that means your going to have to not let it get under you skin or get over it.
( ), , , or .
many people like to travel in all different places of the world, but going to a foreign area with no knowledge don't smart at all.
even to those who have a family member away on a business trip or that live in another state/country.
well myspace, facebook and aim is like a online hangout.
the first reason why i think people should use computers is it will teach people to have hand-eye coordination.
and the only i could talk to them outside of school was on a computer.
do you know the time health say kids who spend time with their family are bound to become more better parents than who 't spend time with family.
my point of view on this topic is simple.
dear local newspaper, i am sure you will agree with me about keeping the computers in this world.
are computer's bad for you?
this has greatly benefitted our society.
there was an announcement.
, word, , and powerpoint, if computers were used for those purposes people wouldnt be the way they are today.
researchers are going on experimenting life on mars.
they are of different castes and religions.
you aren't exercising while you are sitting.
everything i do on my computer involves either typing a paper or printing research.
censorship censorship is it needed in todays societey?
it is more convinient than using a plane because you dont have to have something in your hands the whole time.
cyber bullying is you get bullyed or are bullying another person over the computer.
exercising is a major part of every persons life and if you don't get enough of it you could become obeise.
i can't understand why.
i think these reasons woul'd be a good for this issue because every human being can do these three this on a computer.
everyone goes on the computer for many different reasons with friends or for projects and like that.
lastly, family parties and computers do not mix.
his duties are very hard.
even at home, everyone's opinion is very different.
the computer is common life everybody needs it or uses it in some way of form.
people should ues computers, they do benefit to society.
another way computers have a bad effect on students is because of the internet.
they can the wanted with one click.
a pontential argument might you "" go outside?""
they are an easy communication between people, help you learn, and teach good and fast hand-eye coordination in kids.
no responsible parent would be caught dead with a year old on an adult website and computers make it harder such parents to do so.
today, computers are helping the world in many ways.
for example, last week in social students i researched the amendments to the constitution.
dear officials at the , have you ever been so bored that you spent the whole day on the computer talking to friends and relatives?
do we just let the government tell us what we can say and what is illegal?
so don't be the person sitting around doing nothing, buy a computer and stay in touch with technology.
also computers have a positive effect and are beneficial to society because they help you communicate with friends and family all over the world!
children wouldn't know about them, and they could be missing out on some great stories.
dear , there has been a lot of talk about how computers effect society.
you can learn about different people and how they live their life and ther cultures.
on my last birthday, my father gifted me a toy plane.
although, once you owned , than 's the buyers fault if their child saw .
i would say that the average gets about minutes of reading a day because they are to busy chating with friends on the .
while can be debated that computers are bad, i firmly disagree.
they check the time on the bootom of the laptop screen and lag onto to play some they are getting ready.
everyone says family is the most important thing right?
of kids are online communicating with others.
some students go to the school canteen.
in a normal society, learning leads to questioning.
becoming addicted to the computer leads to serious consequences.
next, the computer can help with hand-eye coordination for young kids.
as a eighth grader you probably did the of just forgeting all about and just taking the concerned.
of people say that they have lost large ammounts of money due to credit card scam's on the computer.
the effect of that is someone getting hurt on a crime not being solved.
people everyday become and being right with , so people will take offense to some of the disturbing images in magazines.
this is understandable also.
computers just add to list of excuses not to do anything.
my father took me there by car.
i find that some people see books on slavery and the holocost and such topics to be offensive.
also, people would want to learn about other people cultures.
i try not to use the computer unless i have too for school or to get homework.
as my conclusion i know that computers are good to have in peoples houses.
stay in one room doing the thing for books for a in a while people need fresh air.
dear local newspaper, a society we have come very for regarding advancements and inventions.
my conclusion is that they should not censor material because it offends someone.
how do you think your child would feel having loved this story now it's gone?
secondly, what would you say if i told, you that kids are more socialy retarded than ever!
this is not good because when you go outside, it helps skin health from the sunlight & lets in fresh air for your lungs.
i think we have the right to know about important events.
music also be offensive to cultures, religion, sexual orientation and race.
that’s why we consider them as a visible god.
people need to start spending more time on exercising and less time on their computer due to the facts that more and more states obese percents just keep rising.
some times people get locked because to much information was given out or you did somthing that you were'nt suppose to do.
even she heard their voices.
you don't know if the book is goin to offend you until you read it.
with this practiced self control they were able to learn the way of peace even in wars.
also computers have so many different forms of entertainment.
i would solve the difficulties of the teachers and students if i were the principal of my school.
there even working with computers to make better bullet prove vest so they will be more lives saved in war.
finally, i feel that computers will day life.
that happened to one of my cousins, last year.
have any of you ever been bored?
thats important because higher grades, means higher test scores.
it is very important to mention the entertainment benefits of computers.
if we find something offensive, simply set the book down and use that better judgemnt.
there is instant messaging and webcaming websites.
you eat dinner and ya just want to unwind from the days gigantic adventure so you go on the computer.
we don't get enough exercise, it can become really dangerous, and family and friends should start spending more time together.
in conclusion, computers are benificial both in hand-eye coordination and in communication, as well as in geting information or a topic.
while talking on the computer you might make some new friends that share the same intrests and hobbies you do.
using a computer isn't exactly a social thing.
this provides a huge distraction for kids and usually ends up with the result of kids not completing the task asigned to them.
after an hour’s effort, they were finally able to control the fire.
people sometimes using computer is good because if your writing letters you don't have to use pencil you can just type it and print.
now wih computers with just one email or an instant message.
i spent the next half an hour reading entries on that website and completely forgot about my project.
so reading this essay please don't take away our computer
reading foul language would not be any more offensive than if someone was to use the same foul language in front of you in real life.
the books in libraries across the that have found and profane ideas in them, is one of the direct faults in our teenagers today.
i like to go on the computer to talk to my friends that i haven't seen a while you could also meet new people and make friends.
has your daughter or son ever asked you that they want computer in their school?
or your daughter from looking at porn.
this was very special to me and could not have been done without computers.
by marking movies with a rating, and marking books with a specific age group, it helps categorize them.
well i don't.
the town of police says that over of kidnappings are from people that were met on social networks such as myspace and facebook.
he tells them short stories about the fruits.
computers even keep people in touch so their relationships don't fall apart.
once you begin to play games on the computer, there is not turning back.
i think that computer are a good benefit for people because those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
my where you add up and subtract and divide.
it can help us on our homework.
during winters he grows peas, a farmer lives a simple life.
the same family as before is sitting in bright, sunny room their computer screens flashing merrily.
they were going to take to a party.
not for me, but for you.
just try to make people on the offensive and nonoffensive side both happy then there will be no more conclusions as in this one.
so therefore thats why they would have to be removed.
a final example is ""aim"".
there will not ever be a book that every human being agrees to be both appropriate and vivacious.
libraries need to make sure they separate each topic distinctly, so people can easily tell where they should or shouldn't avoid.
this tells our children that it is okay to do these things, when it is the exact opposite.
therefore coming accross somthing that is offensive be disterbing; however they should be able to try to ignore it.
every week in social studies we have to look up the presidents and i use my laptop for that.
artificial simulations are no mach for the real outdoors.
here is another reason why computers are good.
it is fast, free, and convinent way to communicate to other people.
i totally disagree with this letter.
they have many, many distractions such as facebook, online games, and even inappropriate images and videos.
sports teach is to accept both defeat and victory in the same spirit.
over of people get the song from the computer.
the reason i think censorship is wrong, is because no one should be able to tell people what they should read or watch.
she provides us milk and bullocks for the agriculture work.
being outside can be lots of fun too.
or maybe when we are playing games online, the same thing applies.
so just because some people dont like the material in a library doesn't mean everyone else doesn't like it.
they allow people to talk online.
vielence is not a good thing for little kids to be watching because they will want to grow up and fight.
i believe it gives children, mainly young men the wrong thoughts about wonmen.
in science class we get a packet for homework for every new unit and without a computer it would be really hard to get done.
if you think about, almost all books can be offensive or hurt your feelings.
if you were doing a research projects on and you didn't have any books what would you use?
it is very important because it keeps you fit and healthy.
someone else say that what you find offensive, is no where near offensive to them.
computers can calculate, pollutional margins, and provide solutions to the large amount of pollution humans release in the air and .
these days you have to be so careful when you're on the computers.
worst of all, we will lose all expectation and respect for mother nature.
i think we should have internet access because we can do a lot of things some people think it's bad, but not everything is.
would you ever want that to happen to your child?
you can e-mail friends from across the world, get important information you might need, and also you can do business online.
after dinner, my parents gave gifts to all my friends.
furthermore, how would be able to even start a fire without how to light a match?
there should be a limit on the censorship.
my doctor once told me, "" everyone should have atleast an hour of exersize a day.
it improved his baseball career (by throwing and catching the ball) and increased his grades in school.
computers give people the ability to learn about other people and places.
books that have politically incorrect messages are in no sense better than movies that achieve the same goal.
but that doesnt give you the right to remove them
you could hand it in late, but then you'll yet in trouble.
everyone wants to be healthy.
dear local newspaper, i strongly think that manypeople are not benefiting fromusing computers.
the economy is bad, which means we 't have alot of money which means you playing online games is wasting energy, which is wasting money.
distractions are everywhere.
my first reason is you can get in toch with friends and family.
the internet got for more technical in the past years.
my first reason includes friends and family.
talk to people and see what they like.
my hold opinion on computers is.
or do you want interesting news that will keep you newspaper going.
if someone put something way out of the ordinary, and that person knows that they should not put the book on the shelf they should automatically be fired.
the internet is the best way to contact those people.
lack of exercise is brought up countless times in society.
do you really want a world like that?
there are a couple complications that will arise in censorship on libraries.
almost every website has discounts.
the average bill per month is .
first of all, you are able to learn about faraway places you can learn about places you aren't able to see in real life.
also, some book that have offensive things in them can help you realize the consequenses that could happen of it could reinform you about those kind of things.
i think computers have a positive effect on people.
they confind recipes for food, what relign they practice, and what holidays they celebrate.
well with the you could find that answer in the blink of an eye, that's because the internet gives you unparraellel information that no book has.
computers will let you talk with your best buddy and save money.
you can also look up information on any topic you are working on in class witch alows you to get.
magazines and other things should be kept away to where only adults could get to them
i know i do that all the time.
eventually you will get hooked and play on the computer rather than go outside and have fun with your friends.
an ideal teacher himself practices whatever he preaches to his students.
either your having trouble on homework, or you just want to knoe a simple fact, the computer is for you.
second example is students and their homework.
that's why a respect the people for the library and for the school, they respec us too.
it is best to just keep things the way they are- free.
the issue grapple with is if you for or against internet acess!
you can quickly open .com and search any topic at any time.
and say sight of particular interest or exceptionally usefull can be added to your favorites.
then it is the responsibility of the guardians to make sure that their rules, or guidlines, are set and the child understands what they are.
she is flipping out looking all over the place and hyperventalating.
many people need time to think about what is happening in their life and they cannot do this our internet.
another example how this is so much easier is now computers help you with school work.
lastly, computers tend to make communication a little easier.
thats why people should be ok with things that dont envolve minors.
lastly, some buessnesses use a webcam to talk to other people.
for example lets say that your doing a report on .
i know that books help me figure out many things.
this makes it possible to lok at the screen to recognize my errors.
i found out how to do it and it worked.
it was very quiet.
i've never met one person who is exactly like me, because there is one.
everyone is who they are and that shouldn't have an effect on others and the way they live.
although computer are good for this they be addiction.
finally, computers are a resource when researching for projects, reports, homework, or anything else that requires information to complete.
so many people miss out on the butiful works of nature.
i believe that the media such as music, magazines, and movies set a high bar for the individuals in our society.
there is no need to talk to a friend or family member online, when you could do it in person.
then we slowly begin to get unhealthy.
or playing video games all day.
computers also let you learn about newthings.
if anything is to be banned, i believe it is censorship
first of all computers have a negative effect on people because it causes them to get exercise.
it made me sad to hear an innocent little talking about things that are way over his head.
with the click of your mouse, you can check to see who won the presidency, or what shows are on tonight.
by the time you know it you'll be over weigh and wish you didn't spend all that time on that computer.
many times has this happend to you?
computers, as we all know, are a limitless source of knowledge.
i think they should be taking off the shelf , people should not want there children's reading or looking at thing they should not be looking at.
it also could prevent a person from excersicing.
i hate arrogance also.
i know i be with email, you and your family can stay in touch with old, new, and now friends.
heart disease is caused by obesity.
a third reason people should not use computer is because they stop interacting with real people.
now, instead of getting up and coming to talk to me she will text me ""'s up?""
that's the end of my conclusion
your late for a party and you don't have a cell phone, but your family has one computer and you know your friend will be on.
you would just sit there looking at the computer all day.
therefore we get fresh
everyone is using computers and love it and they will difenetly be used in the future.
i believe that computers have bad effect on people.
in the class, very few student were attentive.
this makes sense, but why should one be required to be a certain age to watch a movie or watch a tv show.
first off, i'd like to mention the health issues associated with technology in general, but especally computers.
there, are many other useful advantages of computers.
the list is endless.
seond, they can help save the environment.
the real world is not censored so books should not be either.
after driving through the forest for half an hour, my brother suddenly stopped the jeep.
there are all different kinds of .
these are my three reasons why we should spend less time on computers.
children exposed to at least hours a day to compared to the few who spend their time outdoors are times as likely to develop such possibilities.
they have books that a teen who normally read.
parents need to protest so any thing they find offensive should get off of the shelve.
you will find all this in the computer.
the technology brought upon using computers allows people to talk online with others in a fast, easy, enjoyable way.
book is so offensive that the childrens parents would'nt let them read it, but book is based on a true story.
there are eight planets in our solar system.
and no you realize you forgot your mathbook to!
well if you ask me, i think does.
so, for the childeren's sake, think of them, their minds, and their developmenting brains and their off the wall imagaintion.
computers let us things like video chat with relatives for or go on facebook and myspace or to chat with them or email.
some experts are concerned that people too much time on the computer and less time excercising, enjoying nature and interacting both friends and family.
for if one thing must be removed then youi might as well remove everything.
last opinion is we can type to people that are online and offline.
maybe a library will come across my article and do what i have said.
another thing when you're on the computer people don't even think about their safty and thats how things happen.
the weather outside even on a beautiful day, can be deadly if we don't pay attention to what is going on outside of our safe house.
they might find a book offensive, but does that mean everyone else is offensive by the book as well?
instead of wasting money on a long distances just use one of the systems y've mentioned.
libraries and all types of media should not be censored.
not only does typing quicker effect your computer techniques but also helps you outside of your home like in sports.
rapid industrialization, urbanization and population growth have contributed to the loss of trees.
taking them off our shelves will only make us a nicer community, yea i know what your thinking, why not do that?
before there were computers, there was no blood testing, no fingerprinting, and most likely no x-rays.
once i spent all night on the computer and the next day i failed a test.
for example, when i play games in the computer hand are the ones doing every thing for me.
what is the difference?
he also showed me the rich dresses and ornaments of kings and queens.
all in all the computer is a bad thing such as useful piece of technology can cause you to miss out on events such as sports.
these works of art aren't just handy-dandy toys , rather essential to the working class a # pencil to a student taking a cut.
sometimes it can be come a competition to see who has the most pictures, or the most friends.
when he handed it into the teacher the , when he reached the classroom the teacher looked happy when she gave him back his test he had an .
with this, kids and adults are communicating in high end ways that waste too much time.
the libraries have bigger issues to worry about then your personal taste of music.
they can go find a different one.
he cares less for his books and more for his clothes and hairstyle.
for example, generations have lived and died without computers and it didn't affect them.
the internet can be used for researching different far away cultures, as well as someone's own lifestyle.
if you don't have good hand eye coordination then you are going to have a hard time with a lot of stuff.
the first bad thing that computers do is that they make you adicted.
although some people will not agree.
's so sad.""
""the best way to get members,"" magazine stated,"" is to create a website online.""
then the girl went missing for about weeks.
this can be important if you need to talk to someone that lives far away.
because that haved they day.
i came on family and many families are very close, so its natural to be doing things with father or brother or whole or cousin.
i think that all computer have positive effects on people.
no later than a day when was walking down the street a gang of girls jumped her.
me and him meet only once a year.
it gives audience to our thoughts and we are linked with the super intellect.
social networking is scary in reality and too many young people are exposing themselves in making or a page.
so all you computer lovers get off and have some fun being outside with friends your family.
when people use it they could just use it to play this cool new video game they got.
come on did this change your mind yet now.
trees, flowers, plants, grass and lots of other things are what make up the earth, but some people don't apreciate those things.
toomany people have issues with their vision due to starring at computers to long.
my third, and final reason, for believing, with all respect, that people are blinded, is that people don't easily get addicted to the .
airports make for the government, and internet less people would travel.
one book about !
our whole world senses is.
""i spend most of my time breathing in airconditioning (or heat) than fresh air.""
isn't it shocking that some books, music, movies and magazines you find on your library shelf today aren't appropriate for the little ones.
that, believe it or not, is hand-eye coordination.
my first reason i thought computers have a good effect on people was because it teaches us alot of things.
's proven that more than half of united states of is over weight.
i think the area where the most offensive things are, are movies.
a teacher gets up early in the morning.
the child is on a game and if the time limits are on, when your time is done the computer logs off automaticaly.
dear newspaper, i disagree that computers are important to people because they have research, online colleges, and online stores.
he goes from door to door to distribute the letter and money-orders.
three, if your walking down the road and 'gotta go,' you can stop right in and leave.
even people want to know where are some people from.
you never know who is going to look for what your have taken away.
every second of the day their is someone on the internet searching for date that they would have to go to the library to get.
this would reduce the amount of people using computer's and change the way see our civilization today.
it gives you answer you don't know who to ask for.
they make thousands of copies of thier product, which takes money.
i know this is a free country and everyone has the right to have their own opinions.
many inappropriate things are written in computers that children and adults shouldn't read.
time parents told me we were going to for the day.
such as magazines, books, movies, and even music.
people sit at home standing at a computer screen, forgetting about spending time exercising, enjoying nature, or being out and having fun with friends and family.
teachers and administrater interact with each other with important message using computers.
back to my experience with the books, you read stories that are based off of her life and relationship with her daughter.
ecspecially because they can talk to far away friends and whatever.
i have had my experience with books who are offensive to me.
computers have helped save lives and benefit lives in ways people never could have imagined sixty years ago.
but many of these great deals come from fake or illegal websites.
"the internet is fast, simple and reliable when you know how to use it."
e-mail let's you send letters to people via internet instantly.
do you want to spend your time on or computer or do you want to spend your time in the real world.
but some people use the computer for bad thing for example: for pornography or something bad this is not cool and is not appropiate for people.
when the sun sets the darkness follows.
multiple people do have to use computers for multiple things.
during the women's suffrage movment, the men of this country thought the idea of women being allowed to vote was offensive.
the creators of their work are most likely proud of what they have accomplished and would like their audience to enjoy it to.
she said when i was older, i could read any of 's novels that i wanted.
if you don't like what they have on there shelfs then don't go there any more or pick up something you like.
how would you do it?
books are meant to entertain readers in a good way and not teach them to become a violent person.
i'm sure if you keep reading you'll know why i think they're positive.
proffesor even stated, ""every single kid in my courses have some sort of computer.""
dear editor, you think that people spending a lot of time on the computer is good, i don't.
being obese is terrible for your health.
computers help people learn things keep in touch with family and friends!
computers are being made with webcams, or you can simply buy a detached one.
in the state of , it is proven that of residents are overweight from not exercising and are overweight by not eating properly.
when we are in trouble, books stand by us and give us the right advice.
different people find different topics offensive.
this can later help you in sports when you get out and exercise.
people work from home all the time.
finally, computers how its benefits because it teaches you hand-eye coordination.
i would not want the same happen to all of the other books in the world.
many believe that the computer takes away time to enjoy nature, but i believe that enhances .
lastly discovering places and websites teaches even the smartes guy or girl something new.
but on the computers all you have to do is make one and then you can print out one-hundred.
did you know that computers can teach hand-eye coordinaiton?
for example, people that have businesses they are going to need computers.
a child was left inside the house.
it is as simple as that.
thirly, you use computers it will let you talk online or video chat with friends or family all over the world.
some people disagree, and say that computers help children who are in school.
even though people go on the computer to much ways to exersize and use the computer at the same time.
i as a student, a child and a citizen of of the united states believes that every book, should be allowed in any library.
the screens are made of a liquid crystal fourmula that hardens.
the girl goes to school, her friends asks her to give them her e-mail.
when people are on the computer they are not on for very long.
i don't see where magazines can be harmful to a certain cultural backround.
this is some of meny reasons i think cendor in libraries shouldnt be aloud.
you can help them.
computers also are how friends and family are able to stay connected and communicate.
they stand for these values, but at the same time respect that other people have the right to believe differently than they do.
certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offending to certain people.
this then will all tead to depression.
there are a few rows of flowerbeds in the flower garden.
all loaded with knowledgable information.
sex offenders are on computers and some people don't even no it intill they get tookin away or killed.
computers are an excellent source of knowledge, but that could be a problem.
i believe that computers are a great help to society i believe this when you don' know something you could go on-line to look it up.
for example, certain religious books might offend people of other religions, but that does not mean that we should take them off the shelves.
lastly, the computer allows a form of entertainment on a rainy day.
i knew i could trust him with all of my secrets.
this can help you in sports and give you fast reflexes.
plus they can be helpful with homework.
plus, with new websites being created, people could actually see what the earth looks like from space.
a computer can help a kid in so many ways, it can help students with homework, let students talk to friends, and help with school projects.
""we get our energy from oil and coal"" according, to scientists like boy say that , oil primary source for big corporations.
most of these books resulting to violence.
there were some policemen who were maintaining law and order in the fair.
this shows, as a result, that students actually learn responsibility from computers.
parents please don't take away the good things out the libraries that could really help your child at times.
your health is also very important.
this is , let's not be overly strict about things.
it is just hoe our economy is these days.
i'm not saying that you won't get anywhere in life, but it won't be much interesting.
i think that computers have positive effects on peole.
many people read books about the real life, books that they can relate to.
computers can be used for many different things.
with a computer, you can interact with people all around the world, they can help with school work, and make every day life eaiser.
hand-eye coordination included.
whle others use it to talk to their loved ones.
i have that they make life easyor.
publisher can be used for projects as well.
i believe that computers can be a bad thing.
i am writing this article about using the computer more than an hour.
they are good because you can learn things educational.
people just cant take away from there comptuer time i find that really hard to belive that people cant.
atleast with books, the book is teaching you about the drug and how dangerous it is for you.
so don't you think i'm right?
(computer expert and developer) what do you think the number one reaso teen use computers teen use computers is?""
so, just let us choose if we would like to read material with uncensored things in it.
first, it allows children and adults to learn about distant places and other things.
as you can see having a computer can be fun, but its not the only thing to do on a computer.
so much more can be attained by putting the computer to full use.
if someone gets in a fight on the internet that can cause them so much pain to not even talk.
first of all computers gieve in ability to learn about faraway places.
now is the time to decide, do you want us to use computers to furter our education or not?
feeling the wind in your hair and taking in all that is going on in the story.
these are all websites that have chats where people can communicate.
sometimes the best thing to is get some fresh air and interact with others.
no one should take something off the shelf if it is offensive because it was their choose to look at it in the first place.
we have family reunions, maybe your family can do that too.
a student receives a classic home work assignment.
people are using computers to an extent to which it is bad for their health.
there for, computers are mandatory.
it's kind of a matter of opinion of whether it is offensive or not.
being social is heathy for people and therefore communication is a positive effect of computers.
i am a science student but unlike my other classmates, i have opted for elective english.
they say that it brings more educational value to the book, because in the day of the '' word was an excepted word.
lastly, the invention of computers allows us to communicate with people from all around the world.
the next reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because computers allow people to talk online with other poeple.
though having a computer cause children to play uneducational games, computers teach more and help children as well.
there are so many.
it shows we can read stuff that is stimulating and not just to make us act like celebrates who party all the time or go to jail.
i have give yous you the facts the rest is up to you.
the computer has every thing a local libeary has.
they also can help you do things like read faster and hand eye corridnation.
the choice is theirs to either let someone elses's opinion actually bother them or not let their opinion matter at all and just keep doing their own thing.
the can teach people many new and exciting things they did not know.
soldiers have excellent eyes for controls and amazing reflexes, making them natural pilots.""
as you can see, offensive materials should not be in libraries.
if you just take a step back, you notice how valuable something really is to you.
i do believe that certain media, should be displayed in confidential locations.
this kind of stuff gets our attention, and makes us interested.
also, they help people from adults years out of college to teenagers in high school communicate with their friends.
all this from spending time on the computer?
if little kids hear this kind of language they well be saying it when the are young.
and of course when your on a computer, you can watch your favorite movie or t.v show, like or .
books on the topic of religion would definitely have to be censored as well because people of differing religions.
i know my brother likes to go to concerts and buy himself the latest video games.
all the girls in our school can't get enough of me.
missing time with family and frinds is unexeptable when your on the computer.
with a computer you can keep people alive and bretheing you can find broken bones or tomors, you can biuld briges, homes by making blue prints.
there is one goal-keeper, two fullbacks, three half backs and five forwards.
these things are everywhere, and just taking these materials off the shelves are not going to solve the problem.
with only a chance of living, gave her the support she needed through most difficult .
they are going to be in their house with no light and no computer cause they have on it to much and did not pay attention was happening.
computers help us with many things but the most important is jobs.
people can't tear themselves away from the computer for even a minute to see the splendor of our national, there is obviously something wrong.
i will not waste money in buying cakes and arranging big parties to celebrate my birthday.
that clearly shows one of the things we need computers for.
the ground becomes slippery.
many websights give good tips on how to lose weight.
saving time so they have more time coming up.
when on the computer, you automatically process what the eyes see into a command for your hands.""
i think that if you take something off the shelf at a library, you can just taking away part of the heart.
also an audult section for larger novels topics that teens and younger children would have no interest in or their parents would want them reading.
i know still be hard to understand why i'm concerned about using computers, i have one more reason.
when you sit at your computer working or playing instead of going out for a jog or exercise, your health degrades.
you wouldn't want to lose touch with people you grew-up with.
kids have too many advantages with computers and not taking the time.
to further help the public, there are ways to gain college degrees online.
please just listen to what i have to say.
anyone can pick a side.
since cell phones have become so a lot of people have gotten rid of thier home phone to save money.
we all wore nice party dresses.
when surrounded by new digital age.
im writing you this letter to let you know that i think that not everyone should use a computer.
it was a chocolate cake, with juicy cherries on the top.
are some of them.
are kids just going to sit at the computer all day while your family is having fun?
computers are a common household item these days.
as long as they're out of there chair and not on the computer and getting some exercise.
this proved to me that things use of computers, my hand-eye coordination improved.
if you don't want your child or other children to see it then it is quite a good idea.
in today's society, children of all ages, become addicted to the computer.
music that is bad should be taken off the shelf.
when i read or listen to something thats offensive and i don't like it.
books and magazines containing sexually explicit words should not be able to be viewed by young children.
i believe that this is definitely true because i remember that the same happened to my sister.
i think that is very unhumane and that is very dangerous to post ot because once it's out there you'll never get it back.
censorship definitely has its positives and negatives, but for the most part it is wrong and should not have a role in any library.
dear local newspaper, this eara are all about computers.
and you say yes and when you let thom on they will be happy when you say. ""
however, one day forgot to check the weather on his computer and took his kids to school.
at home, the ratings are all based on the parent's preference.
i have recently found out that in the 's the average familly had one computer (sometimes none).
the internet has millions of users and makes life a lot easier.
millions of websites are specified to only education of all kinds.
learning is easyer for every one with computers like we don't have to look in a book to find something.
i definately think computers have a positive effect on people.
whether 's through email, instant messaging, or a video chat, computers peplace old and haved ways communication.
people get distracted on the computer that they never end up doing anything else.
lastly, having computers can help you meet new people.
the computer made it easier to e-mail everyone and tell them why we weren't answering our house phone.
in conlusion i do think censorship is important but i think that the reasons why we censor things are equally important as well.
withins the multiplayer universe there are match types that involve a great amount of teamwork.
the music that is out today has a lot of inapropriate words and sayings in them that would be offensive to most people.
they don't exercise as much nowadays.
computers have recently included a system where you can video chat with friends or .
they allow you to send a message and receive a message on any day, at anytime, in any place with little of no hassle involved.
how hand it would i had to hand writs all of my work and on the for information.
for example my uncle helps file takes computer to make sure all of the files get saved and they are in the light places.
i think having a computer is good because you can research stuff and you can meet people and chat with them.
people are concerned.
also, they help greatly with communication.
bullying has been a major problem in the for many years.
once you are on the team you will make new friends, and get your exercise for the day.
people need to know what happened in the past with historical events.
the mother would be taking away what i like to read and watch.
firstly, computers hinder interpersonal connections.
this right here shows us they won't get out and play, this also means most kids won't do their homework.
this addiction will kill us and knone knows how to talk about it.
many companies are now erasing newspaper ads and putting them all on computer websites.
these are well furnished.
next, the web is also used for keeping in contact.
but the people that enjoy reading the offensive books still can read them.
so if you didn't have a computer where could you get all this information.
well, i believe that computers help people educate people and some computers people relie on.
now that you've heard about why you should stop going to the computers because you have electronics, libraies and family.
statistics show that of people that are over weight spend more time on the computar than on the track.
most people think that computers are just new helpful technology, but there is more to it than just that.
the airplane took off into the air.
today, you can easily video a rective in from in less that ten seconds.
i opened up the internet and typed in in and i found out that i got a on the report.
theses materials are what keep people connected with each other.
it is taking away their life.
we don't need computers at home and yes we can live without the computer.
also like slavery just because they are a different color doesnt mean they are not human.
dear , my name is and i do not no where to start this letter.
in my opinion i do not think any form of entertianment should be banned or taken away from society in anyway, because than you would be taking peoples joy
in conclusion, the computer is dangerous because feelings could be hurt because of myspace, facebook, a blog, a video, or maybe even more.
this could cause alot of lossed jobs and many conflicts between shoppers and viewers like you.
those are some valid points on why i believe that books, magazines, movies, and etc.
one of everyone's favorite reasons for keeping a computer in the house is for entertainment.
if there was truly offensive materials in the library, those materials would be taken out.
that is my personal opinion many others have different opinions on this subject but i just think every thing should just stay on the shelves.
computers are great, they can help you with anything you need.
it provides an excellent exercise to all parts of the body.
i remember having a problem with my laptop and my crush knows everything about them.
staying on the computer for too long can you from what realy matters, your friends and family.
to sum up computers have a positive effect on people.
their is only one true way to see family or friends and that is personally.
i sure would and i think most other people would as well.
yes there are some youth that take somethings too seriously but thats because the parents are not there to explain.
this way, there is a less likely hood that a young child will end up getting a book with material for an adult or teenager.
it has come to my attention that the people who support advances in tecnology believe that computers have a positive efffect on people.
they have the authority and right to do so.
well, unfortunately i don't have the answers to these questions but i do have another quistion for you to think about.
the rapid advancement in technology is not a positive thing.
well according to some people it does which i can understand but i will have to go with the side that it does'nt matter to.
the littlest things shouldn't get to anybody, especially if it doesn't matter.
we can't take something away from the people who love it just because someone is unhappy.
so to prevent a power struggle this way a comittee should be set up to decide what books to purchase.
people should restrict computer usage among themselves to a of an hour even less if you can.
now on the there are websites where you can watch exercize videos or if you even want to buy some exercize equiptment etc.
you would have never been able to go to if you didn't have a map or a computer.
there is even some information that some people might take offence to.
there is some stuff out there in books, magazines, and ect.
computers not only help with travel and friends but it also helps with ones hand eye cordination.
i will 's fun are many many thing to do on the computer.
get outside, watch the big game with all your buddies.
family planning should be adopted to control the birth of children.
dear local newspaper, i agree with the experts when they say people are spending too much time on the computers.
computers, computers, computers!
people need to enjoy their life!
we should only olw kids for only two or three hours a day.
thoes that can't, it reflect something negative on them and it cause problems.
, , click, clack that the sound computer keys being hit right now.
if we didn't how would we survive?
the seating arrangement was good.
i hope you take them into consideration.
the journey to shimla was very pleasant.
a family that i have been close to my whole life had moved to due to jobs.
did you know is a program were you can look at your grades and missing assignments?
now is the time to turn of the computer, and go outside.
what is it that actually made these things intolerable in the first place?
they keep at the taps half-open.
people make different movies because everyone is not alike.
most people make a big deal about cirtian things to get attention.
video games have to put an age limit on things so why shouldn't books have to have the same exact thing?
of course its up to the parents if they want to follow the recommendations but banning something all together is not neccessary.
the music i am with it being taken out of the libraries.
you need to be healthe to stay alive and you sit infront of it all day then the results wouldn't be good.
furthermore, enjoying nature is a must, in our world full of immense landscapes, wide waters, dense forests, and lush valleys.
also has spell check, you could email it to someone, or even change the font, color, size of the font and much more.
we are miles away from our friends and relatives.
with computers students can also get their homework done and send it to their teacher by email if they cannot make it to school that day.
i went to the library and saw racest books most adults would find that offensive especially if its an afracan american.
since then my friend does is go on the computer.
for example if you were giving some homework that you had to do on the computer and theres was no way for you to do that project in school.
computers are very important to society.
it's so many things at the libraries that's educational, you just have to know what you are looking for.
he gets up early and goes to his field he ploughs and
since its so easy to type in a conversation, people are losing actual social skills.
get off or it.
they can inrease a person's knowledge of faraway places safely, be used for communication purposes.
and with computers, other electronics can work as well.
the beetles sang about all the stuff singers sing about now.
at the leave again i think they should be, kids that age shouldn't be reading .
ancybody can do there homework on a computer.
there is no reason why people should be on the computer instead of exercise.
dear local i hear you are not sure if computers are good or not well they are and i have many reasons why but i will tell you is.
once i found this out, i asked mother to please take it back.
most of the housewives observe it and they don’t like to kill rats.
then you can study and expand youre knolage.
people should al least go outside once a day to see nature get air.
he had two tickets for the movie i wished to see.
another example is that mabey some people might not know about the belly dance came from .
at the same time i do understand some of the items should be removed from the library, beacuse they could not appropriate for childrern.
computers help everyone learn.
some people find some offensive subjects interesting.
anybody can download songs or documents illegally for free, rather than paying for it themselves.
it will pound and feel as if its on fire.
it can warn man of a possible storm.
dear local newspaper, local newspaper do you think that the computer is a good technology in our generation today?
everyone is responsible.
therefore, computers have a positive efefct on people.
teens who talk on-line usually talk with their best friends.
this prooves also to be valable if you are studing faraway while a paper.
the books would start to lose their love, compasssion, and livlyhood within them.
is for all of these reasons i strongly believe computers are beneficial to the community.
this is where independnece comes in.
computer will be here forever or almost forever, peoples time is limited.
they all brought gifts for me.
the real question is what are we limiting?
they need to show respect for the books, movies, music, and magazines they provide for kids, teenagers, and parents.
he bears a good character.
for example, i would have a room for +, and a room for +.
teens who are going to be immature about it does not deserve to have all those things.
with the computer keeping in touch with people in different towns, states, or even hemispheres is a piece of cake.
no i am not saying that all kids learn everything from t.v., etc.
and weight problems are not the only thing computer to worry about.
in conclusion, the more you stick with your friends and stay away from the computer the better you will be.
another reason computers can be useful is because they help people keep in touch with modern life.
if your her got hurt, could e-mail that grandmas hurt.
these books maybe be offensive to some people but its there choice to read it.
so if you you ignore friend because if you dont, bad things.
who are you, you respond in an voice, , your freind 's friend says the little window.
people like things no matter what, because there will always be flaws with some objects such as books, music, and movies.
firstly, i believe that computers offer a wide variety of educational options.
i do not believe that certain materials such as books, music, magazines, ect should be removed from the shelves.
did you know that out of children today, prefer to play games on the computer than do other activities?
you can learn different languges and about the world.
and finaly reason is because of the "" crises.""
my suggestion to you is to remove these offensive books.
it's so they don't waste their time being bored all day.
johnson, a principal from a private school in , after winning an award for best school in states of our education comes from the computers.
computers also benifit our society because they give others the ability to learn about far away places.
but its not.
life is not always easy and some of those books would help you with your desion making.
another reason is, the computer helps kids get their work done faster.
kids who need to win and not talk could lead to lifetime results.
do you think playing computer games is worth losing friends and family?
you can purchase plane tickets online and sometimes there are special discounts doing the web.
a misplaced pot could pour boiling water on the floor and cause a huge mess.
and then we have no books left on the shelf.
one could see why computers are bad, but they benefit a lot of people everyday.
for instance, some people develop a habit from only interacting through the computer that makes them anti-social in real life.
in conclusion, people should spend less time on the computer and more time being outside, with family, and at really fun places.
they allow for people to communicate with each other, they allow people to research topics in a simpler way, and they teach hand-eye coordination.
in this case, they just plug into thier computers and forget about everyone else.
the internet can help you find a job twice if not three times as fast.
it's a word that everyone has heard, but do people truly know what it means or how it effects them?
the last most important reason why computers have a positive impact on people is because it allows people to communicate with each other.
it's the - - complete age.
with a computer you could research anywhere you want and make that trip the best days your life.
but there are so many people who love to see technology advance, that they want movies to change.
some people say ""that would never happen to me"" but it easily could, especially if you're constantly on your computer.
computers have a lot of fun stuff on them like myspace, , and games also its got almost everything you can think of.
minor adjustments can be made so that people can be allowed to read, listen, or watch.
there is also cons; some of the con sinclude hot.
computers are fun, education and a communication wonder.
then there is oovoo & online video chat used for talking with friends but why not just callem'up.
finally using e-mail or facebook is much better than phone tag on facebook you know where you can chat with.
so now i am going to close this letter and i hope you see that excersize and gaining life experiences will change your life forever.
in studies in , out of who spend their time ( or more hours) are wearing glasses.
lastly it also takes you away from enjoying life outside of the internet.
a few years ago, kids would get a school project on a certain country and the thing that would came to mind is the library.
the feet stride out in a joyful rhythm.
i believe that parents should take a proactive role in monitoring their children.
on a nice beautiful you'll be inside on the computer when you could be getting exercise.
the computer has endless knowledge.
but distracting games that waste time also cause stress, which could be fatal.
take a stand and censor those books.
the library shelves are open to any and everyones advantage.
instead of just hearing voice or waiting two or three days to talk to them.
computers can also be dangerous, many people will get addicted.
and we get rid of all of these books, what will happen when we really need that information?
where did they hear from?
i watched a specail like weeks ago it said of people would use to look up people number and mor personal things.
the postman collects these letters and sends them to their destination.
can understand their tone of the message sent,"" stated.
the is all computerized today, and that is a major trade way today.
everyone has their own personal opinion on what they think is offensive.
this is not only helpful to the kids, but the parents as well.
there are many reasons why i and you should think, this.
i read online than in is obesed.
when we watch a movie thats is offensive and that can be very anappropiate, you learn from whats in the movie.
if it weren't for computers things would take longer to get done and society would become worse.
out of poll takers agree that finding on the computer is quite easy.
everybody needs to socialize face to face.
do i think objects in the library with offensive details should be cleaned up or taken off the shelves?
what's great about computers is that, you can chat with your friends and family online or even have a video chat with them.
a friend of mine recently was emailed with words that hurt his feeling.
the world would be a much different place without computers.
yes they are fun to use they have a lot of things to do it isn't needed like air or water.
you can clearly see its wonder, but can you feel it?
whatever, you undertake to do, put in effort and do it to the best of your ability”
it should not be up to their audience to decide whether or not it is appropriate.
would and could benefit us is that it gives us access to online communication.
to one it seem like all they do is seat themselves in a pull a few levers, and push a few buttons.
the next day told me he didn't have his report because the virus wiped out all his information.
moreover, if everyone tooks books and music off the shelves they did not like there would not be very many books and music left.
finally, jobs can be completed even easier, and makes workers more responsible.
dear newspaper readers, computers have really change the way people use technology.
even movies and music can be offensive to some people.
but you dont do your work, and get fried, now how are you going to pay your bill with no money?
now your thinking, ""people spend too much time on the computers right""?
however, the computers is mak fun and less woris.
first, people that spend a lot of time on the computer don't do exercise.
and last but not least, computers do not drasticly change the time we use exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends.
along with not being good for the environment, it is also not good for the economy.
please help and encourage others to help me put a stop to computers!
people use my husk for making
i feel that censorship affects the writers and school system.
there are even music out there that only adults should be listening too.
now the library is not a place where a child can recieve adult information right?
you could even keep in touch with them from .
people can write letters to each other, but that can be time consuming, and show to delivery and response.
dear newspaper, the world that we live in today is full of technology.
it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
people have had this luxury every since the beginning of this marvelous country.
every time people use their computer, they put themselves at risk.
the train arrived.
life is easy, a false statement.
dear local newspaper, percentage of people all over the world do you think have a computer and think that it has a positive effect on them?
i stay healthy and fit i dont sit on the computer all day on a sunny day.
at first, we tried writing letters to each ohter.
they might ask a lot of questions the parents might not even have the answer for.
if would all just take the time, maybe only ten minutes adays to help our environment it would be helping our bodies and also helping our planet.
same thing with the computer, at first you arnt very good or fast at typing but if you keep practicing you will gradually get quicker at it.
this makes it easy for strangers to.
war books should not be censored because they need to let the reader know how war really is and its not a great place to be.
sometimes computers are a pefect resource.
i believe they don't have good days during the day when in school.
and also about gursome items.
it also helps prevent some kids to not smoke and do drugs if they hear or look at those things from experience.
lastly, there are many students and teachers who teach and learn online.
dear news editors, , my name is , and i would like you to write an article on the effects computers have on people.
computers are educational but nature is better!
for example, moving grown up books to a section where children will not read them and have nightmares about a picture they saw in it.
also, you communicate with people around the world.
if everybody is pulling everything off shelves, what would there be to sell or read.
i traveled by train with my mother.
introduction – planning- gardening – house improvement – reading – conclusion.
in my point of view i believe that computers are effecting some people today and that people are spending a hudge amount of time on computers.
everyone has a favorite book.
dear , glad to see that you have a debate if computers are good or bad for human society.
there also useful for work most people use computers for work.
i learned a lot from these books, but i don't think that anyone younger than fourteen should be reading them.
a benefit is bicycles are much lighter and allow roads to last much longer than with heavy vehicle traffic.
this is exactly what we would be doing if we allowed censorship of our libraries to take place.
if someone stays up to late on the computer, the next day could mean that they're cranky from the lack of sleep.
that saves a lot of paper and a lot of trees!
i understand that children have to be exposed to some things in life.
why wait another minute?
im only a year old kid i mean i can give my thoghts about it but thats about it.
people often say that computers and technology are bad for you, but yet i think they have helped our society out very well.
so do you believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
did you know that of adults are overweight?
well with this, advanced technology we have found ways to educate students in a fun way.
more and more people use facebook now.
you cannot censor any books, movies, music, or magazines.
my teacher said that forgetting my homework affectde my grade by over .
this gives you a chance to discover people with the same interest as you.
computers in schools help to increase the amount learning our children.
some people do say on the computer for too long at times, and don't get out on exercise the amount a humane should.
we need to excercise more.
my grandma was in the hospital once and i wasn't allowed to see her since i was to young.
then you can study from the computer.
some material, when reached to a specific town, can cause an uproar that can shake an entire community.
one of the ways people very far away connect is with soldiers and their families.
so, in conclution, it is a benifit for people to use the computers!
kids will still fight and rough house.
as much as i would like to, just to prevent others from reading it, i cannot.
first of all, people don't enjoy nature as much as they enjoy their computers.
should have some type of censorship.
this causes the kids to act in different ways.
now do to somebody elses dislike of the books these kids don't get to use those books to do thier reshearch.
so, lets face it, computers are important.
computers give us a bright future.
on i can have up to people talk to whenever i want!
first of all the computer gives people the ability to learn about far away places, people, and the weather.
this way, young children are not going to be looking for their favorite book with a book over something many adults should not even be reading.
if you don't have the best handwriting then you can type it and computer can help you look stuff up.
i personally dont think there should be any censorship in books coming into a .
well, people who use computers are drown into them, and they ignore the necessary physical activities one can get from being outside.
i hope you are agree with my ideas.
i think libraries should be able to have whatever they want on their shelves.
i think that there should be age limits for certain types of reading material.
like science, math, or history homework.
what if someone needed to get the hospital's phone number in case of an emergency?
my school has a very big library.
come on in to the wonderful world of computers.
the votes they gave actually elect a spesculative to go to the to.
without all this, wouldn't a person be missing something?
this is by helping deth people with sites on sighn language.
and if that library can not help it atleast have the courtesy to mark the sections of the library.
thanks to many communication applications such as , , and , we can now communicate with a surplus of distant friends and relatives.
you can see them and talk with them.
yes, they are rated but no, that doesn't take away the fact that they are great movies.
many people ben on it for a hole day.
therefore, i believe that when you find something in a library that comes offencive to you you should not be able to remove it.
some books are not suitable for kids.
that does not mean we need to completely remove those materials from libraries though.
just imagine how much time you are saving by using the computer.
hear all the birds chirping and see the trees and flowers bloom!
your fingers will get muscle and will teach you to remember where to type without looking down on the keyboard.
dear local newspaper, computers have a lot of affects on people.
should be offensive to anybody don't even bother to look at the material.
she failed a science poject because she was on her computer, rathern than outside comparing the leaves from different trees.
we need to get people off their butts and away from the computer.
it is astounding what you could learn from just hopping on a computer.
its almost like rewriting history.
you can chat with people even if there is no one around.
in our public libraries we can find books that are related to slavery, drugs, gangs, prostitution and violence.
students contact teachers through email if they have a question about an assignment.
it also helps us understand our life today and it helps us talk to people around the world.
that is mently not healthy.
not just physical skills, but computers help with research skills.
if all of these rules are followed then buisnesses and libraries should have no probles keeping everybody safe and happy.
computers are not worth the terrible consequences civilization must face.
that child could end up living that kind of life that the book protays.
i think if people understand what the book talks about and if it does not bother them, then they are old enough for it.
books help people escape the harsh world we live in, or help them gain more knowledge.
dear , you really think we should'nt have computers or you think we shouldn't?
so you should go to the library, but no one can take you.
can when you would rather waste the computer other than outside and at least self.
yes it truely does you can interact with both friends, and family members by going to chat rooms such as aim, meebo.web cam meeting such as skype.com.
i myself have read plenty of things that would make some people cry or even get really mad or disgusted.
computers have a positive effect on people.
it is my favorite toy.
they say that computers teach us hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn from faraway places and even allow people to talk with others online.
also, kids have fun playing these games.
dear newspaper, technology is a very useful thing but is also a bad thing, it makes people lazy on .
secondly, i don't agree because it also caused addiction to the computers.
i definatly will argue this fact that computers have a bad effect on humans.
i had a friend that didn't know how to use the computer.
if any word is changed it is a incorrect .
third, there are for less interactions personaly between well everyone.
i do not believe that that is good in order to have good friends and a strong family life.
dear local you know long of time spent on technology could result in cancer?
an age younger could be innapropriate for them, but any older and it could keep them from learning and expanding their mind to it's full potential.
but i believe that the main purpose for computers is information.
as you can see these three reasons alone should persuade anyone to believe that computers are harmful to all areas of life.
when you talk on the phone to someone it costs you money.
in conclusion i do believe that humans have the right to read, watch, or listen to what they want.
computers are the bridge between ; (my friend) and i. however, computers are not only used long distance.
so take a joy, eat a healthy, snack, and limit your time on the computer.
now with more technology coming out like cellphones, and laptops; kids would rather hang out with their friends and not with the families.
if you know of a book, movie, anything that will or might offened you, just dont read it again.
every person has their own taste in materials, be it more mature materials or a little more 'tame' materials.
people think, the invention of computer, and the internet is a terrify thing, but truly is terrible time consumer.
remember minutes of exercise, minutes in the sun each day to stay really healthy.
have you ever wondered why a movie you rented from a library when you were younger, isn't there today?
young children look for role models, someone to follow, therefore, more than likely they are going to repeat what they hear or see.
they give people the opportunity to research things fast and easily, they save trees, and they're a wonderful way to communicate with people.
i have met a obese child.
computers are a great way to keep connected.
dear , experts say, "" of spend hours or more on the computer daily"" the reccomened time limits is hour.
he makes his lessons interesting.
people chat on , , , and email and people are bullied.
this let me play games and edit videos, and my gb hard drive is capable of storing all my programs and projects, for future use.
even simple things like a virus or a slow upload could and will cause stress, in fact have a stress issue due to computers.
lack of exersize can be very bad for your health.
if we would have the right to remove these materials, all of them would eventualy be gone.
my father went to drop them back home.
all of the advertisements on the side of the computer screen are viruses just waiting for children to click on it unintentionally.
kids can learn more but they spend too much time on line.
censorship is good, but sometimes it is too strick when it comes to movies, music, and books.
about of kids use computers to talk to there friends but some people say kids can think there talking to there friends but could be someone bad.
i love family but i interact with them.
when these people see you on the computer, kind of example does it set?
my first reason is playing games.
when your on or , nasty fueds between friends can occur that affect you and your school work, inflicting damge to your grades.
for example they would be able to go to the internet type in the place they want to visit and get photographs and information about the place.
they don't see enough because people don't see they .
censorship in libraries is kind of a big deal in schools.
they hold information which can be hacked and by somebody thay you don't want to know something.
can you imagine how difficult life would be without a computer?
they also can get information about what they are studying quickly and more efficiently.
you are able to see pictures of your topic or even video's!
this means that there is not one, 'national banned books list', but there many discrepencies througout in banning books.
as a student, i use my computer for my schoolwork.
thanks for reading them and have a nice day.
also labraries can censor music.
many of employees work from home and have to own computers.""
personally, i am an advocate of not saying curse words.
firstly, they are a great way to keep in touch.
another example would be if your mom or dad went away for a few days, weeks or months and you wanted to talk to them of ten.
books can be helpful defending on when it was made.
computers are good because u get to learn about other places like , , texas.
my friends wanted me to stop listening to her music.
people want the classic computers, but now they come out with new ones like, touch screen ones.
so this is why i think having technology is good in our society.
a hobby is a favorable activity one pursues in one’s spare time for pleasure and recreation.
computers are very helpful for communication along with .
also computers can teach us things.
we aren't spending too much time, we are just being educated.
you can talk to friends or family get help, and it is there.
it also helps by accessing and surfing the internet to more useful stuff.
many people, could agree with me.
they become fat.
growth is not meant to be limited, nor is freedom.
as creepy as it sound.
reason society is because they alloe people very quickly.
and with things like absentees, weekends and vacations, the day you get your quiz back gets delayed further.
and if you a sports fanatic you can be able to watch live games on the computer.
if you play some sports like baseball, hand-eye is one of the most important elements.
even if they do, sometimes it's the only way to learn some of the rich history of our country.
i remember one time a few years ago.
is a very prominant rule because it sets boudaries for the adolescent so they are not to read about or listen to anything they shouldn't.
computers, televisions, and radios have made life more pleasant.
for communication, entertainment, and school projects.
when parents going through the explaination of something like making babies you do not want it to be when they are only five years old.
clearly communication is a must have.
my dad always spend his time on the computer and we never had time to spend with him.
there are threes big reason why computers are bad, people are getting to attached and arent spending time with there families.
adults don't understand is that teens doo ever they want to be happy.
but at the same time, they fight for the right to raise their child the way they want to.
my first reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is that its bad for their health.
is it going to make the word a beteter place?
teen , says: ""technology such as computers and cell phones are great for teens, but it should be monitored and not used excessively.""
computers can also have an impact with your vision.
if you're looking to action, you type in chan .
it let's you make new friends and play games with them or chat.
not only do computers teach skills and work, they are very fun too!
there adveances in communication through computers that have been made.
the use of computers is definetly correct.
for example, i use facebook and i love talking to my family down in , whom i see about once every couple years.
some believe that they help us learn, but i just say so do books.
they shouldn't be trying to change great books because the minority find it offensive.
how would you react if you didn't have the time to exercise, enjoy nature or spend time with family and friends?
that's why i think using the computer is good for us.
many people believe that it is the right thing to do while many others strongly disagree with it.
if we did not have computers or use them we would probably use books.
she says any kid who does sit in front a computer all day should be disappointed themsleves.
it alows you to throw a baseball, play videogames, or even drive car.
one of the ways computers help people is through improving their hand eye coordination when a person learns to type and look at a screen at the same time.
i had gotten a on this project!
is fair to not be capable to see a movie, magazine, or even read a book because others in the area believe 's offensive in their view?
or it will help someone find their lost pet.
we can talk to friends online, and we can learn about people from the past.
when authors write, they usually think of events that have happend or what they predict could happen in the future.
in most cases it is not until that person understand all of the facts about it and can make rashanal dessicions on there own and on there own time.
i have grown many kinds of flower plants in it.
i hope you have a positive way on computers they help you out.
truth was that her father out of his daughters life because, the mother didn't want him to be a part of her life.
i mean you have to agree with me on this one, the main reasons why people are becoming obese because of some kind of technology computers.
we must prevent this at any way possible
he should grow into a good citizen, with a great admiration for everything good in life.
few people would agree on censorships, and a lot of people would disagree.
to begin with, hand eye cordenation is very important.
we all get affected by the advertisements in the magazines and on radio and television.
you can't protect your children from offensive material.
that way you get what you need done.
but any ways those are reasons why.
this is why it support the computer.
but, like all good things, too much computer time can be harmful.
you want to learn about , but there arnt any books.
if it wasn't for computers some people wouldn't be able to get an education.
in my opinion it would be beneficial to students, parents, or teachers to get information on different topics.
i know you be thinking those websites are dangerous is at, viris software can prevent danger.
then also sex ed books need to be in the library so people can read about it and not just go with what other people say.
people every day are getting less and less active because of computers.
he is a very nice man.
here are some good reasons on why computers help people out with problems.
secondly, people should play with real people.
finally got to chat with my cousin from california communicating on the computer is great because you save money the because you dont have to pay a phone bill.
even though literary might be offensive, some people like reading books like this.
they allow people to pay taxes online and type papers.
the computer saves us time and money to do these things.
i don't think people realize it, but it can.
we respect the teachers because they make us what we want to become in life.
this is because engines such as have of limits to with much information on the topic being.
sirence is getting closer and closer to my house.
communication is a large benifit with computers.
instant messaging is not the only way you can communicate with friends or family, there is also video chat.
as you can see, computers are very helpful for students, but are they good for teachers too?
seconds toturing be needed because you couldn't focus.
so, i don't think there are any affects on anyone because we all use it to our benifits.
“fire”!
people can even order groceries to new house if they are busy!
have you ever thought that some material from the libraries could and have been found offensive and wanted them to be removed from the library?
computers provide a variety forms communication, such as , , and instant messaging. ""
how about that family vacation you've always wanted to go on?
have you ever had a time where you think back and wish you could see your old high school friends or even family living.
second you do projects or homework.
people are becoming addicted to computers.
so, now do computers help people learn more about our earth?
let's say you have been connected with someone, and you've just found out that you got a promotion.
schools are taking away the constitutional right of all potential readers.
without this gadget, we could not be able to live the life we have , a life that can get us to where need to be.
i give detailed and resons that will persuade local news paper and to agree with me.
it is all a part of growing up.
out of the american popoaltion people are online.
there is the fact that you can contact someone halfway around the globe just with your .
there are many to choose from like videos, movies, , , games anything that is suitable for the user or users of the computer.
that could be a hobby for adults that does not have something to do could have a good time.
by allowing certain books and essays to be thrown out of our libraries, the people's knowledge base will eventually shrink down drastically.
and most apparent if it offends you dont read it.
it is just a good book, but some parents don't want their kids reading about witchcraft and wizards.
these books are usually the ones that teenagers read.
search him up on or .
kids who are too involved in their computer games, don't get enough exrcersize causing obsity.
bieng on the computer is not going to bring are education up is going to brings down.
but people need to learn to understand that other people think differently and have different values.
when a mango fruits is ripe it gives a sweet smell and the juice
computers also teach hand-eye coordination.
our libraries are set up just fine the way they are and i feel we should not try to change the libraries in any way.
we also passed through the dark tunnels.
due to online news paper news is becoming less and less popular.
some experts are saying that computers are having a negative effect on people in our society.
its friends, family or even buisness, a computer is a excelent way of communication.
everyone has a place were that feel like they belong.
not looking at a computer screen.
people in the community have rights to read, hear or watch witch ever type of material they like.
computers are a technological wonder that has a positive effect on people.
so when a person who uses a computer often is at a social gathering they are usually very awkward.
perhaps going the library isn't an option, how are you going to acquire the information?
these are my reasons computers have terrible effect on people.
if they have one copy of a book it will begin fights.
about how the, whats thier tradition of marriage or etc.
researching on the internet.
one think that once they're older they can do waht they want, but that's not the case.
letter to the i disagree with the so-called ""experts"" that claim that computers could have negative effects on people.
even if you and call some one they not be home or answer.
millions of books were burned and hundreds, if not thousands of writers were executed for conveying opinions in their work that conflicted with the ideas of their government.
they are nit interested in going to the library in order to research information on people, places, and family heritage.
my reasons are, kids and adults spend to much time on it, cant interact with friends or family and you cant enjoy nature.
with five kids and one laptop who would want to be happy.
that does not mean that the item should be removed completely though.
scients say that if you actully play a sport you can lose weight by up to then if you didnt.
@caps6 is now the only way kids talk seems.
a way you can find out with your family come from is use a website to find where your family comes from.
lastly the experts is have been that we people are not having a sccial life and interacting with our family and pals.
it is called tools.
computers seem like a perfect resource.
many of the books i choose are relatable to reality, which often involves content that be considered explicit.
computers have robbed us of our ability to experience creature.
computer's take away time or love for your family and they make you spend the time that you don't have.
of people buy computers for games and or muture people buy computer for there work and find were places are so the computer helps but it addicted of people.
the most well behaved, neat and punctual student is awarded a prize at the annual day function.
that day i did not even go to the playground.
do i think that certain books, music, movies, and magazines should be romoved from shelves if they are found offensive?
sometimes she spends nights and nights without sleeping.
nowadays, people are spending less and less time exercising, but instead sitting at home on the computer, or slouched on the couch with a laptop.
having books that seem innapropriate to some, aren't hurting anyone by just sitting on the shelve.
the internet will be able to help you alot more in your every day life.
the next reason is people have the right to make their own decisions.
you are in a world of endless possiblities.
if a person is under that age then their parents should be present while they check out so they can approve of what their child is checking out.
computers also have something called microsoft and microsoft is something that help you do writing projects and things like that.
the library i found books about them, on the internet i found wedsites on them!
you will sbe getting nowhere with a computer screen in your face, so put it away!
just like we have grown up to the rap and the sexual musice.
the lights in the back pixels do most of the wort to bring stunning graphis to life.
that is very unhealthy and can higher your chances of getting different cancers.
she hopes when she is happy.
for example i stopped watching the movie, and i stopped reading the book that bothered me.
computers are electronic devices, all information stored as patterns of electrical pulses.
these types of movies can show how horrifying really is and how cruel people can get.
they promote learning, coordination, and even general welfare.
such programming is essential to analyze data or even to guide a spacecraft to the moon as well.
an expert says ""computers diagnose anything, not just concussions, better than doctors.""
we would have nothing to read about other then the stuff that doesn't matter to us anymore.
they don't cost a lot to download at all, they can be played with friends on a web chat or by yourself.
taking that book out leaves the person who would enjoy that book stuck searching for another book.
right now people should be proud to be who they are and not scared of things like that.
people should be using this at the francisco national debate .
you should keep reading essay because i am going to tell you good reasons why i benefit people using computers.
whenever your bored you can go play online games.
it's so easy, you just create an event and tag all of your friends in the note.
our actions simply invovled nodding our heads good bye at the cashier and walking out continuing our day of shopping.
they are able to make everyday life easier.
i was appalled.
they always have a program that if you spell something wrong it corrects you.
the library takes great precaution to the censorship of their books, movies music etc
you should not teach you children off of things like that it will make them want to do things without thinking or considering what is really going on.
too bad only out of every could relate to kid message.
i've never seen a book that was offensive to me in a libray, which brings me to another point.
he performs his duty in the city street, railway platforms, inter-state bus stands and at other places.
then you feal like you are really there.
i thought to myself ""she is always on that computer, doesn't she work to do?"".
and when talking to someone over a screen, its so hard to know if your actually close friends.
have you realized that children became poor or sick because they dont want to be hurt or killed over something very stupid?
so next time you buy or go some where and you find some thing offensive talk to the manager or the supervacer about taking it off.
that is your choice, but a library doesn't want to be blamed for your year old coming home cursing and fighting.
some experts ,""people are spendiong too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family.""
in the end you could go all day about the pros & cons of computures.
in conclusion, the computer is essential to our everyday life and without the computer, our people would not function!
computers are taken away information is gone.
hopefully you will the paper of of our newspaper and demand a column about computer loose the valuable time for exercise, nature, and family & friends.
in conclusion, this is why computers are very important to have.
alot of people use the computer to play games, listen to music, and watch online videos.
but with a computer, you could get information easy in the convienience of your own home.
if they see their favorite celebrity getting arrested for a in a magazine, they think that it is ok to drink and drive.
finally, computer is a great way to keep busy.
when you have nothing to do, you could play alot of fun game's.
he mounted on his faithful horse kanthaka and reached the bank of the river yamuna.
third, people are too busy on the computer then they won't be able to hung out with friends or family.
so, next time your on a computer, don't look at the little things, but the big picture!
a public library is a place for anyone and anywhere to come and find an item that they are interested in.
i really consider leaving computers to what they do best, helping humans.
she didnt have one, none of this could be done.
i know i use the web to with almost every project i have.
i can talk to friends on my phone by texting and visit my grandparents.
there are some parents that are strick on what their kids watch, hear, read or sing.
but that it is why these books are created for older people to read.
libraries and entertainment stores are the ones who buy the books and music not you.
and why can't you be the one experincing it insted of just reading about it.
first off, on the computer you can talk to people.
dear , i agree that computers had a positive effect on people.
offensive books and magazines put out for the public is asking for something bad to be a result.
the power of man resides in his mind.
it would mean a lot to your friends it you just take time to say hello through e-mail.
instead i email.
a library is a public place where people are supposed to get whatever books they choose.
materials at a library should not be censored because the materials would decrease, people would choose what to look at, and the material would help with research.
the computer revolutionise the jobs of people.
no, it is not good.
they go on the , play games, and use it for work.
the train moves and leaves the platform.
one of the biggest and most popular machines in the technocle society is, the computer.
no matter what the book is about people have the choice to read them or not so why should libraries have to remove books that some might find offensive?
the technology is unbelievable and makes everyday life, easier.
some experts are concerned that people spend too much time on computers and it couldn't agree more.
eight out of ten aren't getting enough exercise.
no more stories will be here to entertain us, but the ones memorized.
this is impossible to do with the advances of technologe.
anything could be deemed inappropriate,but what if your vision of appropriate is anothers eye to inappropriate.
my second reason is doing homework.
i hope that our society will consider the fact that computers are necessary.
also tests such as the blue ribbon test are taken online.
they increase responsibility by giving you many choices.
here are my detailed reasons.
libraries should only feature books tht they want to have not ones that are popular but considerd 'bad' by the library.
these songs show us why children are having children, or doing drugs.
another issue some face is, ""you need to get out and excersize.""
for example a teenager say while typing a paper that she really likes to write.
this greatly reduces parent stay of their children living in a foreign country.many people
the economy is bad enough the way it is.
computers are so much fun and make life easier.
that's what i use to speak to my 's who live in .
i know cousin just had a baby and her dad lives in .
these books are writen by adults, not for adults, but for everyone to read.
ceo of , , says someone says might be getting some snow or rain than they usually go right to the internet you you can turn on your .v.
the latest events are published in many languages.
computers allow people to take online with other people.
yes computers are a great way to learn about things all over the world, but people have to worry about what is right in front of them.
family's and 's are spending less time together because they have computers to talk to each other.
if you wont to leran about nature, animals,or even a person from the .
first of all if your always on the computer your not going to get up and go outside for a little because it won't be important to you.
yes having a computer is helpful.
we also have the laptop's that are to take anywere.
in plus the computer was getting boring.
this includes your family members or relatives etc.
kids like to go on to chat and parents think that is their world, but it could happen that they are aranging a group to for.
dear , you have heard that there are up-sides and down-sides to using a computer.
before these were computers, everyone used, but now that we have the internet, theres no really need to get a book.
about of our daily!
if you get very good at these sports, you can play them for fun, or even as a proffessional.
think about it your child could be out getting in trouble or be nice and safe at home playing on the computer.
were not thinking about what power teens have with the internet.
my second reason is, you can stay fit while being on the computer.
well, this is also true for everyday books, movies, magazines or music.
on a computer, busnesses can store customer information, comppare income, and keep stock of inventary without having a cluttered pile or file cobinet.
i live in melbourne, and basketball is a very popular game in australia.
and you end up being successful.
which leads me to my next argument in if we do allow censorship, who should be in charge?
computers also allow us to play a very wide variaty of online games.
the has one of the strongest and in the world.
again, this argument might go both ways, meaning one less book would be off the shelf, or many would be newly stacked aside from the others.
the librarian should listen to the parent and then take a look at it for herself and see what she thinks about it.
it's a stupid thing to get into because there is no point to it.
it should be a penalty towards anyone that fails to abide by it.
or just shows in general.
childeren learn more things from family and freiends, before they start learning the truth in school.
so people that doesnt get their ecersise need to start.
far from the reach where kids and children are able to access.
one of the best things about computers is that you can find various amounts of information.
computers take away too much to be spending so much time on.
overall computers are useful.
sometimes it's not but its finding things.
it's even free, unlike the costly long distance calls.
this gives the opprotunity of the ""web searcher"" to have a vast ammount of information!
i do not like the summer season also.
the second reason why computers are bad is because of what people past on the computer about other people.
dear , i have reasons why computers effects have on people.
don't panic, get online!
newton made many other discoveries.
i am , i have been playing in for !
when people get on their computers it's like they're in another world.
people use computers everyday.
the way natures heading we will all end up dieing no thanks to computers.
what compters stop you from doing is your homework in school.
it is up to them as to what they want to watch, not everybody else.
for example, in the car with the .
many would say that experiencing activities such as sex and drugs is all apart of growing up, but i disagree.
looking at the point of veiws do you understand where i come from with this?
not one minded the inconvenience of wet umbrellas, soaking shoes and wet clothes.
we need to put a stop to this abuse of computers.
the internet has many helpful sources; such as databases, encyclopedias, and articles.
even government allows many concessions and grants for educational tours.
many indians are smarter could be offended by this because they are saying if you grow up in a slum you can't be smart.
we are teenagers and you were once a teenager.
and not only that but if you have someone that live's away, you can chat with them online!
maybe someone with the next big idea for the future.
lastly computer make browsing all the latest news a. you will always know whats goign on in the world, thanks to your computers.
computers bring no adventures, just pictures of them.
you can also meet new people from different countries and become their.
well, this is one of the many effects the members of a family get together which could weaken them as a family.
i think it depends more on what the family deems innapropiate.
according to recent studys, about out of people spend most of their time on their computers.
next, you get no exercises.
i'm positive that you would not enjoy it and your feeling might be hurt.
poeple have also spent less time with family because they could talk to them online in a s chat room.
it is very easy to stay clear of any negative effects but it is your choice whether to do so or not.
just read another book, or watch a different move.
the farmer is the
i am saying this because the internet has a lot of benifits in meeting people.
dear local newspaper, you know that more than half the students in the world use the computer to study.
because of computers people not only email to each othe but we can even have live chat.
one way or another evrybody ends up reading all those offensive books at a certain point of their lifes anyways.
with over a billion different points of views residing all over the world, why should books that only a few select find inappropriate people be removed?
i think computers are good though.
i recently got back in touch with my cousin who moved to .
books can be offensive sometimes it just depends on the writer.
this hurts them in the long run.
you need exercise to stay healthy too.
it gives me great pleasure.
i strongly believe that these computers are badly affecting us.
here are some reasons why.
you never know what people need to hear.
please if you have a different opinion consider my decisons.
first, staring at a computer screen is unhealthy for your body.
im sure thousands of other people have been in the same situation.
all of those are the reasons why i think the computer has good effects.
i think that there should be an age policy for libraries.
everyone has a right to read, listen, or watch what they want.
the computer is an easy, convenient way to get information.
is is not the same as the actual thing.
we need to have our kids and teens to know its not ok to say those things and they need to know what is acceptable in society and not.
here i remembered.
that meaning was that you cannot punish the innocent because they have done nothing wrong.
also what a lot of people like about computers is the games.
the computer device is one of the many devices used for communication.
students who use computers are more skilled than kids who don't by learning all the software and hour to be safe when online.
many people dont get to enjoy the great out doors because they are to preocupied with the computar.
in a way.
some have different opinions then others on a certain item in the library which will lead to argument and possible violence.
some people say that you learn different cultures and interact with new people everyday.
also, attraction to literature would seize.
thanks for reading this and taking i say information.
when people go on the computers they forget all about things they do.
lastly, you will have the best feeling ever you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot!
and what be offensive to me not be offensive to you.
when people dont know what to they just go on their .
don't you think way to many people are on their computer to long?
unfotunately, these happens days a week & the computer time is eating up none other than the exercise time.
computers are bad for most people.
we used to see each other from time to time and talk on the phone about once a week.
make believe and imagination was a suitable thing fpr their child to read.
the question then is do we stop using computers or do we turn them off for good.
lastly, you should use the computer for useful things like homework or even very important research.
facebook has fan pages for famous people.
how your might you can bark those easy to find everything becomes all that are locate.
if you hear someones music, and it sounds completely awful to you, then just walk away or listen to your own music.
if you think about it people work all day on some time all night, wouldn't it be nice to come home and have all your bills payed?
all of these things support that the internet makes learning about foreign places easy.
can be offensive to others.
magazines can also be educational.
there is more to the process like the people bring or take it to or away from you.
producers and authors can publish whatever they would like.
both of those books are by the author .
dear the , computers are out!
computers is probably their or way they communicate.
next thing you know there will be a replaced word for slavery.
not every parents chooses to censor what their kids get at the library; therefore kids have different interests.
everyone is going to be offended some point in their life.
seart the was just a screan and a mouse, now we got laptops that you can tack every were.
many people including parents have used the computer to look and read into about other countries.
these problems are slowly spreading and we must come together to abolish them!
from three o'clock till ten o'clock playing chess with strangers from all over.
with a computer you can explore anywhere without even leaving your doorstep.
thank you for your time
they control what does and does not enter their house.
using the computers really helps harness and train your hand-eye for sports such as baseball, basketball and many more.
our advances in technology have helped us emensly with things like games and robotic surgery.
you got an !
(to me that sounds like a good time to invite family and friends!)
third of all, pop up.
today, we have buses, cars, railways, airplanes, ships and many other means of traveling.
on the other hand, if someone kicks you of the computer you can always get that six pack you wanted.
they teach new things.
a workman of ivory spends a long time in learning the skill of carving ivory.
it rained continuously for two hours.
now, the computer is also profitable.
i understand emailing, and facebook.
reading a book that is offensive to the reader is the reader's choice; nobody forced them to read it.
one way or another they will find out.
i like my school very much and i am proud that i belong to it.
to begin with, many people spend to much time on a computer instead of being outside or execising.
honestly, i totally and absolutely believe that child internet use should be cut down in the , because of many reasons.
past people in the world have destroyed materials that they didnt like, now we will never know what they were about or even trying to tell us.
i know i said computers help gives direction but let me explain it like this.
they don't exercise as much and don't eat as healthy.
eight out of ten surveyed by the national nature admit to not going outside on sunny days but instead play on the computer.
what about on facebook or myspace.
it helps out in many ways for example, to keep in touch with relatives, to learn new information and to keep you safe and updated.
we just need the computer just to chek and facebook like i do but i just check my facebook and the go play basket ball.
this is why i think computers are a postive impact.
as you see many people that have computers use it in a productive way.
i think that everything in libraries are very important and who is to know that everybody wants this to happen.
people should not take materials off the shelfs beucase 'they do not like it.'
so why would a system that leads to obesity be considered a benefit to sociaty?
perhaps it's what makes things not boring and makes it more interesting to the reader.
a farmer lives in a village.
for example like facebook or/and myspace lets you talk to friends from school or friends you met online.
need new toys for kids?
this is why it should stop it hurting are environment people are becoming lazy.
when i was in middle school, i heard alot about sex, and drugs.
how are you suppose to be able to support a family when your older if you cant get up from the computer. ""
from books to music lyrics, our culture embraces us with it.
that knowledge i had obtain then had helped me later on my .
being stubborn is the opposite of seeking to understand.
one of the most common and used thing around the world is instant .
differences in beliefs is what adds variety to the population and what makes a person special; additionally, free thought is a right all people should have.
thats just a waste of time!
i do believe that some places have magizines, books, movies, and music that need to be removed from all shelfs.
another example was when my friend wanted to learn about his culture and where his ancestors came from.
weather it be facebook or bombings, computers help in a vital way.
, the use of computer per family has increased greatly in the past years.
with computers you can create documents, pictures, and even movies that will stay on your computer forever.
nobody should be able to tell you to get off the computer because that is your choice in life.
i am a fanatic of it.
most information would have to from brooks.
computers benefit the people of society in every possible way.
and you can chat with them as long as there online.
if your a colored man/woman, are you going to engage in a book that talks about slavery?
this gives you a chance to connect with them.
movie theatres, video stores, , and television all do it.
now is the time.
my mother, and pretty much the entire found it very offensive.
computers give people a place to interact with others.
dear local newspaper, i think your wrong!!.
i remember when i was about years old an i never once got to meet my other family besides my siblings.
out of experts say that eating a family dinner can help a child's grades & prevent them from using drugs or dropout of high school or college.
yes i know there has been rumors about people threatening over chats.
there you have it, computers use is not a major problem.
plus with encouregement from their family, many students excel in school and sports, which gives them graet self-confidence.
dear , i am aware of the current debate about technology, however more spacificly computers.
that a statistic from .
i love friends that live out of state and i enjoy talking to them so if we did not have the compuers that we do.
with these three advanced ways to soliaze it will always feel like your never alone which an awsome thing.
now that the internet is accessible in almost all places in the world.
seeing those things, i felt as if i had landed in a different world altogether.
they allow us to communicate, research, and improve our hand-eye coordination.
people say advances in technology believe that computers have an effect on people in such a way of saying.
seeing those sights make you to travel, travelling with your family brings you closer.
clicking a mouse & typing away are only moving your hands, not your whole body.
offensive materials in libraries should not be taken off of the shelves because of their content.
around to million have this device to use.
i have relatives in that i only get to see once a year.
the library should have more that one copy of a book.
my third and final reason about addiction.
computer's are a great way to interact with others, whether its family or friends.
dear local newspaper i believe that computers are a great help to society i will explain my thoughts and ideas to you.
computers have now found a home in all most every buisness and home in !
starting at thirteen and up through adulthood.
see how much of a different a computer can make?
downloading certain things also bring harm to your computer like viruses that can crash downthe computer hard drive and system.
so if anything, the books that be offensive to people only show you that you will not like everything that someone writes or says.
it really 't.
one reason is that you can explore things at home.
it also commine sence to not do thoughs things that people wrote about.
with that said, i do not think that taking books labeled as 'inappropriate' off the shelves is a reasonable solution to the issue.
it does not solve any problem.
they are our best friends.
of people agree that the invention of computers helped our nations to be closer.
you wouldnt want it to happen to you
myspace is like in a way but very dangerous.
this is affect that computers can have on people is loosing or with friends.
at the movie theatre, the restrictions become a sort of law.
without a doubt, computers are very bad fro youe eyesight.
if a foreign exchange person comes to your school you can search about their culture and talk to than about it.
i know a lot of people who love it though.
their is international , , and much more in the palm of your hand.
its that easy just one click and that saved you a twenty minuet ride to school.
i talk with my pen pal from almost all the time with vidio char, the most popular websites today are social.
dear , i believe that computers have a very positive effect on people.
and also when your site seeing you usually want to find either the most amazing or romantic spot were you are.
online predators are highly dangerous and extremely clever.
well, i add, little is not going to get much nature out of her, if she does not get her eyes unglued to the comuter screen!
with a computer you can also learn about places all over the and the world.
after you read my letter i hope you will agree with me.
i obviously think that censorship is a good thing.
to begin, computers help to reach , children, and even adults the skill of typing.
the effect is very harmful, and all this happened just because of the adiction and distraction of computers.
they can help you do a lot of things that others not.
google, yahoo, and other search sites have helped children become more intrested in learning.
around two years ago, i was on the computer non-stop, , playing video games, and all sorts of computer-released activities.
he cultivates rice is the main food of
the computer is a good way to start and develope with skills.
because of this they are staying inside and on their computer.
another area that is bad, are video games.
the more people use the computer, the higher their blood pressure.
for example, online predators often depict themselves as someone they aren't.
is very tasty.
if they are not he become frustated and not be able to do what is needed.""
the computer would see what level there in like a regular teacher.
when online, students can receive help from fellow students, teachers, and even experts!
and there should be no taking off the shevels.
have you ever imagine goin to the libary and getting a magazine from the shelve and you find it offensive and you cant do anything about it?
and the reason why i feel like that is because i passion for computer.
on the other hand though, computers open up new worlds to people.
many trees provide us medicinal products such as quinine and eucalyptus.
you just keep pouring money into it, which is just depressing.
dark clouds were coming down and covering the blue sky.
are some books, music, movies, and magazines out that are offensive.
if there was no purpose then we wouldn't have anything to read at all in the first place.
computers also help yet work done.
choice no one elses.
out of of kids agree with science teacher .
a good portion of people believe so, and there is some that doesn't even concern.
authors write for an audience, but maybe you are not in that audience; so, it doesn't appeal to you and might even seem offensive.
any music store you walk into, you can find bands that bash the ideas of religion, but you can also find theistic worship bands or meditating music.
they will also help us to invent more technology so that one day we can live on or something.
when it comes to movies that's a different story.
computers don't really help you grow up, and be mature for the future.
once discovered he is on the run to protect his precious knowledge the government tries so hard to keep from the public.
the problem with magazines alot of the writing is people's opinions and they could be talking in a very negative wasy about some people or some things.
when you arent at a friends house you can chat with them online.
on the computer you can find vacation sports you want to learn about and go to.
when i was in elementary school, i had a friend who i was very close to and a part of his life.
they can work faster, get more arrands accomplished, learn more, connect to people around the world, and be caught up with local and international news.
while some books offend people, censoring a book can be just as offensive to other parties.
these people can do other things like excersising more, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family.
that's why i think that books should not be tooken off shelves
the stated that it took onlyt months to get the money back that they had purchased on the computer's with the amount that had not purchasing book!
first of , they dont know how to use one.
finally, it takes away from people seeing the world, something actually very important because it affects people's desicion making as well as future generations.
a lot of stuff that can be found in your library could be offensive; but how would people know what is offensive and what isn't?
bad books spoil our minds.
using computers is very time consuming.
some people don't like books and movies with profanity in it, but some other people .
next reason is because people that are on computers tend to get .
those are the kind of people that cannot handle what we call 'adult' material books.
it wasn't his fault was gay.
he took me along.
well, why don't we do something about it?
try neighborhood activities.
however, i said that computer help people learn about thing that happen in the word.
if it wasnt for this source of technology, you would be left to do what?
my opinion is that, i think that people spend a lot of time for good reasons.
thefts happen everyday across the globe, whether it's robbing a bank, a store, or even someone's identity.
which that should not mean that a library should be picked apart because of the contents of the novel,magazines,music,or movies.
computers do many things for us.
for example, my cousin doesn't get along very well with the people she goes to school with.
, it is not a bad thing that students go on the computer.
that is why computers have a negative affect on people by not letting them get the excersize they need.
it is easy for the children to look at books for them and for adults to do the same.
mail can so my where with enough, yes, but is free and gets there in less than a minutes where mail can lake weeks to go far.
and my exersize in the next hours or so is only in my fingers.
in addition to connecting with people, computers are very efficiant.
you know waht i mean?
computers cause people to be less active.
do you know how dangerous some websites can be?
i urge you to go out and meet new people and not on the internet.
people use all the time because there handwriting isn't computers help people stay clean and tidy.
's your choice if you are responsible enough to keep focused on work or get distracted because only do teenagers go there, but adults do too.
you can search the word and instantly have millions of web pages in fron of you that all had new knowlage and exciting things about .
imagine an airport without computers, where would they store all of their information?
to be continued, computers have a positive effect on people.
like katherine paterson said, if she has the right to take a book off of the shelf, then so does everyone else.
also on microcoft word to type an essay you watch the screen not your fingers typing.
those can get the books and them to help them solve there problems.
moving along, i'd like to take a moment to talk about our health.
when you first walk into a library you except to see people checking out books , or books that catch your eye just by the title.
dear , i think that computer are a waste of time, but they also help you in many ways.
i talked to the people who have just started to use computers and out of people said that they had liked what they had seen.
she is well-educated.
the reason why i disagree is because it not the computers folt people don't get out and exercise.
there are also websites that find you direction, to where you need to go.
if the book was needed by somebody they would not be able to get it because it was removed.
i know that if one of you experts family member went away for a long time you would miss them and want to talk.
we have to wear white or cream cotton shirts, light-blue trousers, black shoes and white socks.
this helps so much so they can get their work done and exercise, enjoy nature, or interact with family and friends.
it sure wouldnt bother me but that would be extreamly selfish.
being able to go to college at home can really come in handy in some people.
if a child does something wrong, he is generally excused.
a study conducting proved that when you think your talking to a friends it is really some perverted year-old looking for ""fun.""
has your daughter or son ever told you that reading from a textbook is boring?
due to this, computers are , without a doubt, beneficial to society.
some they know in real life, or some they met online.
not only do the alternatives that i stated before keep people safe, they also practice a healthier way of living.
some say that people chose not to excerise but if we limit things then they won't have to chose.
aside from communication, computer also greatly improve and learning in many ways.
everytime i have to do my social studies homework i go online trust me it's really helpful.
for example, we always talk about sports we are involved with during that time of year.
dear , computers are an amazing piece of technology, but some people are beginning to abuse the .
so, as you can see computers have a very negative effect on people.
plus, many things that are offensive often remind of of who we are.
and lastly, it is a form of entertainment on a day that you can't go outside.
the second bad things is viruses.
are you !!
second reason for this is that anything and every thing you can get on the you can get from books.
protect the children but don't do so at the expence of everyone else.
should that not be up to one's guardian, or if they are old enough, to oneself?
i am positive that everyone in this world has a yahoo you could find people really quikck and talk to them.
computers keep lots of kids of the streets instead of being out and causing trouble.
according to the , out of people check the internet for places to to before they actually go.
also radios and television stations might be a little of with their accuaracy.
i disagree with the idea of censorship.
computer addicts do this almost everyday and before they know it, they are.
don't forget the danger of online predators - they're deadly.
those are all the reasons why i think computers are a good use.
with that task completed i can finnish with a good concious.
best of all, you will be able to talk to your friend and family online.
instead of that, people should be playing outside, or going for a walk in the park.
on a resteraunt or place you want to go.
the parent was no where to be seen nor heard, who leaves their child in a book section like that?
aand last stuff like that should not even be in a public area
if the books are censored then some messages might not get conveyed and misinformation run adrift.
computers are very helpful at learning new things.
i didn't play one game, i didn't check email go on the internet or anything i just worked my hardest and got it done.
when you type up words it teaches you to see better with your eyes.
people all judge things differently.
but, if the parent is on the computer they aren't able to fulfill this requirement.
in libraries there are certain materials on the shelves that be offensive to some people.i have seen some of these materials in with my own eyes.
if it is a child or a young teen then i believe that the parents should have a say in what their children read or watch.
certainly you cannot disagree with me!
mother, whenever plans a vacation, looks up the country we are going to and gets more information about it.
it is important for parents to let their children know what is right or what is wrong.
his son is of my age.
what kind of influence is that on the children.
we should go out and enjoy nature, but we also need to enjoy and use the internet as well.
they won't get the recommended one hour of exercise a day.
so in , i think should be censorship in libraries.
when she is on she ignores everything around her.
people from all over the world have many different opinions.
even see the data collected.
also, games won't teach you things that you can only learn during school.
why parents come have not wanting to anything.
previously i stated how people spend time with loved ones, well people need to spend more time doing activities as well.
you can also learn about interesting facts or places.
computers are also good if your lazy.
it is bad because people don't execisi enjoy mothers nature, and interact with family and friends.
overall, computers have a bad effect on people.
out of people in my school agree that they hardly exersize any more because they are always on their computers.
by many, i mean millions.
he maintains order and peace.
this is helpful students could and the world or about a different this remind me of the time i had to a project about the nine planets.
another reason that are using and want to learn more.
the obesity rates of this country will increse if people continue to use computers.
some basic excersises are bench pressing, squating, and dumbell curles.
often, peolple get cranky while they are using a computer or if they need to get off of one.
also on you can message friends too.
hand eye coordination is very important.
people say that computers educate people about things but nature and the environments is a big of our lives.
also is an easy and effective way booking where the tourist shall stay.
well, it makes life a lot easier and faster for people.
they are owned by capitalist and have to toe their line.
those are my opinions on computers of the good an bad ideas.
this action plays no effect on child who is not supossed to be viewing material like that.
second, we can learn about faraway places.
in my opinion, the removal of the potentially offensive material in our libraries, is sheltering our world.
people are being lazy and use excuses on why they need a computer.
first of all, i think that computers benefit our society because lets people in contract with family and friends in other states.
finaly he, could print out the finished report.
when you are on the computer, you can go on facebook and if they are on, talk to them about what they wanted to do kthat night.
her mother forgot and read that book.
we should not waste electricity because resources to make electricity are scarce and will not last forever.
paper is saved with online encylopedias, newspapers, journals, etc.
secondly on why is harmful to our socitey is because it takes you away from your family and friends.
and tahts just one of the reasons why people spend as much time on the computer.
since , the amount of adolescent users has shot up .
with the growingproblem of obesity in less time on computers would help this.
sitting in front of a computer does nothing for your body.
never theless, computers take away ""bonding"" time from family and friends.
now we see that games and sports do us a lot of good both physically and mentally.
there are also different genres that people enjoy reading.
computers are very entertaining.
have some fan in the sun today.
people are saying that computers have a negative effect on people.
computers are good for if you need to find information about anything.
they are all spending less time at the park big or simply just enjoying nature's beauty.
that how i can back up my second reason.
some of the material be offensive and have a bad influence on those who buy into them.
you should only be on the computer for minutes a day then go get some exercise.
awarded by the president .
but another person comes along and picks the same book and did like what he/she did read and that person would probably recommend it to a friend.
even if you did take some of them off then what would we show our children when they ask what was yoour favorite book as a kid.
alert!!!
another reason why i think that computers benifit society is because it allows us to communicate with other people.
the last way the computer helps out the its with box from there.
people aren't always going to be nice to you.
the only way we were able to communicate with our family and friends was by computer.
my , , has a computer class, where we learn how to skillfully type.
david-jonathan, etc.
learning how others think too.
you can buy and sell a iturn that you own an get many all on one web site.
secondly, using the mouse and keys on a computer can incless your hand-eye cordination.
it is very addicting!
there is a cell-phone that allows you to turn of you lights in your house from thousands of miles today.
also, if there is a national and nedds to talk to the other, governers around the world for advices help he can do that quickly and easily.
there is something offensive to people in every work that has been published, and the buyer is fully aware of that fact before they go and buy something.
somebody have a family member who believes they are homosexual, a daughter who has become sexually active, or a woman be thinking about recieving an abortion.
dear , has come to attention that certain members of our society believe that computers are not beneficial.
for one the has the most obese children in the world.
a library is a place to go to learn about different things and should alway have information on different subjects and topics.
but i think the computer has a possitive effect on people.
so people should just spend a part of their day on the computer.
this is probably what everyone uses the computer for.
my opinion is no, actually heck no!
finally, our world could be better if offensive media were abolished altogether.
why talk on the internet to a friend when you can meet up with them and do something fun?
i found myself next to a stinking man.
not only teenagers but the children and youth have fall into trap of the computer.
but, also, kids and adults should be having some fun time outside and enjoying it.
censorship is going to shape how our world operates eventually, but it doesnt have to.
if they wish to talk about dragons and princesses, so be it.
the next time you see a computer, don't think of it as some sort of obsession that's keeping people from doing other thinkgs they could be.
people, professors, historians, and either highly educated people past discoveries and information about things everyday.
in addition to students, doctors also greatly benefit from computers.
in our economic chrisis i don't think enery should be wasted playing computer games.
they are also littered with movies, books, graphic posters, along with, what i find to be explicit music.
excessive use of the internet can lead to not enough exercise.
besides everybody likes having fun!
another reason is that some kids like bullys can stop bulling and spend time on the computer to stay away from stress.
children can learn alot from the books at the libraries.
all of these things should be.
on of all of that, you enjoy by talking to your friends and family.
when you are talking to someone from and you don't know there language use an english to african dictionary translation app on your computer.
there for, computers are time consuming & should not be used.
this is not completly true.
having computers, it absolutely helps us learn, whatever you needed to learn a computer has it.
so, the computer teachs hand-eye coordiantion, allows you to talk to others,and allows you to see far away places.
with these great pieces of machinery you can chat up a storm with old friends on facebook, , and .
you could send emails to your cousin half way across the world.
no because all people like to read different books.
books are essential to a students growth into adulthood.
computers increase math skills and hand eye coordination to!
in my culmination i have made my point that there shouldn't be any censorship in anything because of the first amenment.
contrary to some people's beliefs, this can be an excellent way to spend, not waste time.
now, i've realized that talking in real life with people is better.
computer classes, and computing.a computer is a
lets make a shange so we can do all of these things!
my last reason is hat by being on the computer you're not interacting with family or friends.
so, why should i get worked up about it if it isn't about me?
shouldn't be removed just because someone else doesn't like it.
a second reason is that you can do alot of school work with it like doing a research paper or going to school online.
first of all you know that the world is becoming obease because of lack of exercise.
lastly talking on the computer is apart of our everyday lives such as emails almost every american whita computer here.
if i'm interested in arcade games, i can go on the internet and play them.
is because of this that computers allow you to learn about other place.
many children are growing up without mom or dad.
however some experts believe that people spend to much time on computers, and that people are not as active or healthy because of it, and.
when people push aside their social time for computer games, chat rooms, or movie websites, they lose a large portion of their life.
how bad would someone feel if they spent a year or two on a fantastic book, just to have it banned from library after library?
coming home from school saying "" dad, home from school.
secondly, purchases can be made.
for example, all the children magazines should go with the children books.
one case is how people should know about the holocaust in the .
""people need to get out there and do something other than be in front of the computer screen"".
i thought it didn't feel very fair at all, it's selfish and inconsiderate.
a person can get offended anywhere not just by a certain magazine or some music style.
computers have truly played a vital role in our education.
without computers wouldn't life be difficult?
there are certaint things for people for certaint ages to look at, there kids sections there is a teen section and there is an adult section.
by saying something is offensive, you're stating your own opinion.
on the computer you can read the whole newspaper, and even find out more about things that happen in our world.
you should know what your picking up.
there will still be unhappy adults and unhappy parents.
instend of just sending an email, mail would have to be sent out.
entire companies revolve around computers and if computers just ended, people would lose their jobs.
if music and movies were at libraries their would be no need for books and people would stop buying books.
the two others will be about your friends and family.
this feature on computers has a big impact on the life of people today.
you would have to go all the way to the library, find the right book, and read it.
so i think computers are not a bad idea or a bad things.
a is that everyone wants to share their event with the family.
, radio, books, movies, magazines would all be uncensored.
the computer only benefits you in a way.
i love traveling.
the libraries and the community have choices to not have a offensive book on the self.
but i do not think that an adult could go in and complain about innapropriate material.
computers will help you find any information you need, ""and !""
you people who spend time on the computer interact with their family?
people need computers to do research.
clad in rags, shivering in cold they could be seen everywhere begging in the name of god.
so now that you have read this i hope i have shown you that computers aren't bad for us at all.
if there is foul play, they penalize it.
but thats not all.
i remember a few years ago i didn't have a great hand-eye coordination i had trouble catching a ball.
i believe that everyone has a right to read anything they want, books are made to be read and looked at.
on the other hand, those books be needed.
even though this be true there are other way you can do this.
for some dicsion no one can make to satify everyone and to be in the right.
less and less people are joining the army because of this crises and computor are sadly con triputing to the world wide crisis.
computers can be fun and you can learn an abundant amount of information but as long as you smart about using it.
there were a number of airplanes at the airport.
if you would not want oyur child to why would anyone else want their child too?
my first example is my father.
if one person thinks an art piece looks unique, another not see any true beauty.
three fourths kids under age go online more than adults age because the interest in what is on it.
can persuade others to think do and discover thngs that have discovered.
agreed with this statement and said, "" i am a college greaduate; i have a degree and all, but i wasn't always like this.
also, they have educational games so learning can be both fun and educational.
e-mail and i .
those are only a few of the reasons why computers are good for society.
i was reading it to my mother then she takes the book away and gives it to the liabarean and told what happen.
for instance have you ever wondered what the capital of is?
i think this because people use it to research, stay in touch with friends and family, and music.
it gives everyone a chance to learn about things, and do them so i believe computers are a great thing to have.
i know the answer to that question.
the reason why i disagree is because computer's are not safe because you could have someone trace where you live at then what?
public libaries, and the funding they require, are not anywhere within the .
if one person see's a book as being offensive, that doesn't necessarily mean that someone else will also.
he goes on the state that if these habits continue throughout their lives they will become obeast and are more likely to die from a heart attack before age .
for instance lets say you have a in your socical or history about the country or and you don't know a thing about it.
well, that because you can alot of stuff on a computer.
in fact my favorite book is banned from my school library.
from stocks to instant messaging () people have based important decisions in their life based on what they have read.
sixty-nine percent of people use information from the computer to buy a home.
there is a sofa set, a dining table and a t.v.
by using webcams, you can speak with someone across the world without having to worry about the expensive costs of flights!
the computer and internet combination is probally one of the most genis ideas ever thought up.
that'd be absurd!
also you have to be a certain age to buy 's and games that are for the elderly teenagers.
so again i say no to computers.
you could send that file and listen to it on another computor.
another reason we benefit from having computers, is we learn about far away places.
in conclusion i do not think we should take movies and books out if someone finds it offnesive.
dear local newspaper, 't you agree that computers should be limited or often not used?
the be gets home, boom he is on it until maybe or o'clock in the .
and if i didn't have that opportunity then we probably wouldn't have stayed in touch with each other.
although, some libraries allow their visitors to listen to music.
have you ever researched anything using a computer?
people always doubted him and never gave his music a chance.
that told him he was the one talking to him online.
their are lot's of music out there i dont like.
not the who sit at the computer all day writing reply .
children are going on the instead of doing there homework.
commputers alow us to help us learn what we couldn't learn from books.
computers are good.
new is currently thinking about taking away computers in our town.
when i got home i went on the internet and researched it.
without a computer you would either have to go see that person by driving, talking on the phone, or texting, wich are all expensive.
computer are one of the most helpful things we have and no one should think they arn't not after reading this essay.
when you limit the themes of books in your library, some kids just pick up less and less books as time goes by.
those mapes could get lost wile you are driving.
in fact, kids enter unproffesional websites and them have no parental vision in the alone.
this shocking percent proves that only one in twenty people actually get some tyoe of exercise.
thus through the use of computers i was able to learn about the pain those children suffer and now it's my .
if you just want to say hello you could use facebook, myspace, or twitter if you have an account.
what they do ""need"" to do is to stop using computers as much and go out side!
the library get in trouble and then again they not
you can find articles on anything happening right at that moment or a couple days before.
when you research online, the information literally comes to you.
and gets there in less then a minute.
there are many things a person can do on a computer.
most of all eye doctors have been getting call from parents.
firstly, the computer allows your children who are also students to do better on their projects and reports.
like if a oerson is in the hospital but you're not able to go, then you can talk while seeing each other throw the computer.
dear town paper, i would have to pick being for computers.
some people find many books, songs, movies, and magazines offensive.
slavery and the were a horrible things that happened and teaching about it is important so that it does not happen again.
my final reason for not censoring libraries is that it all boils down to the people running the library.
trees put out the oxegyn that we breath in.
i once talked with someone on for over an hour!
i'm just trying to prove that too much is bad for you.
computers can also improve your hand eye coordination when you type.
many families across the globe use computers, whether their from , all the way to the deserts of .
they teach hand-eye coordination, lets people search places, talk online with people like family and friends.
it was the sight of falling apple in his garden that gave him the important clue.
looking at places far away is always an option.
in conclusion, i think, computers don't hace too much of an effect on people.
when you consider , computers give us hand-eye coordination.
without it you can't be or do anthing, because you wouldn't have a degree to get a job.
have you ever had any diffuclty finding something in a libery?
books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
they know better than to start fights or cuss in school.
he said, ""i love my job because i can work when i want to work, and from the comfort of my home.""
teens shouldn't be able to check out books like this.'
the bad part is that if your on the computer all the time then you are neglecting time with family and friends.
if not, then it should be a recommendation and obligation to have an age limit.
this is do to spending too much time sitting down in front of computers.
it is not just movies that we have to worry about though.
as you know, when you use a computer you usually sit in a chair to do so, correct?
as of now, he has reconnected with tons of his high-school friends get back in the game.
although we don't always see censorship in that extreme of a sense it is still plays a large part in today's society.
you can look up almost anything and you will be able to find locks of information on .
you can play games, connect with friends learn recipies and react if the wreckers the football game.
did you know, over , people use their laptops for information and not games.
secondly, global warming is occuring right now and people would rather be inside on the computer then go outside and enjoy the nature.
the reason why i think computers are good is because people like to do their work, or children likes the games on the computers.
when the people use the computer, there are many choices that they have to make, like what websites to go to and what to download or watch.
have you ever sat at your computer so long your eyes watered?
what do they do?
they can keep you in touch, you new friends get rid of find an serches everything in shows, music and movies.
in conclusion, i see computers as a negative effect on people.
just by using a computer you could easily go online, search friends you want to to better, and chat with them.
people need to communicate through computer a lot.
why is that?
they all catch eyes for gossip, provokinding adds
this is why.
it really does hold us back, and is worse for our health.
everybody in this world needs to see that their are things were not going to like but we have to get over them and move on.
of people who use the computer use the computer language in school.
but remember not to stay on too long!
just because you do not enjoy it does not mean someone else will not also.
i firmly believe that this is correct.
(made by ) claims to be the most popular ( online ) on the web.
i would completly say that computers are a positive thing.
advantages and disadvantages of examinations
the internet is perhaps one of the greatest things ever invented.
the reason i say this is because is important to spend as much time with family and friends instead of being on the computer .
as you can see, saving the of computers is is a silly idea and is absolutely non-sense.
when they should be doing work around and inside the house.
books fill our minds with noble thoughts.
welcome to the .
but, no.
all these things are good so why not use computers, we need computers.
they know some citizens are against that content.
lastly, premature can harm mentaly.
i bet it is not the first and it won't be the last.
this reminds me of my cousin .
if you do not have anything what i just said, there is also texting.
computers help people talk with people.
the organiser mr. anthony appeared to be a different kind of a person with magnanimity and charity.
humans especially children, need exercise.
i know this because my eyes start to hurt.
my year old cusin told me that she was happy her mom could go back to college from home because then they could spend time together.
dear , i think computers have bad effects on the people in this world.
many people dont do this because as soon as they get home its to the computer.
people could get sucked in by playing adicting games.
to keep track of everyone's allowance and money situations.
clearly, computers are more helpful to people than they are harmful.
taking it away has no point because just banning it from the school library doesn't mean that they can't find it elsewhere.
its not fair to people who enjoy those books to not have the luxary to read those book anymore cause a few parent got mad about a book.
take a chance and fight for what you believe in and vote for censored books.
and then we have no nooks left on the shelf for any of us.'
many children go they're on the computer.
how would you work?
there are two referees who conduct the match.
also a lot of company's have websites so we can see what there about before we choose them for the job.
removing books means taking away history from them.
scientist tool surveys that to the .s.a has family in other states, countries, or even contents, hey have to have some way to be in contact.
if you need to make quick plans maybe for a movie with a couple of friends just send them an email or a message on .
to conclude, computers are and have been very over-used recently.
if people spent as much time exercising then they spend on the computer, then the average weight of a human will go way down.
when really all of this is just humor none of it is the network or authors being serious.
my mom is a secretary at an inseurens broker companey.
typing is very comonly used while sending emails because they are fast, fun, and let you comunicate.
there is also a website called .
so how can you justify that a book, magizine, movie, music, etc.
what if you go to the library and they are open, but do hot have a book on your subject?
i think it should be one or the other.
i believe that offensive material shouldn't be removed from the shelve.
the computer makes getting research for school or work substantially easier.
also, some of these games might be inappropriate for younger players.
libraries have the freedom to get what ever books they want to and put them on shelves.
most likley it was a computer.
if you've played a video game where the player can lose health, you'll know what happens when the bar runs out.
in addition, of power used in todays homes is used on computers.
a lawyer said, ""you can not support a client if you don't have the right tools, and a is on those tools.""
nobody likes to not talk to the people you love and the people who reised you.
however, i feel that more often they negatively impact the general public.
these books have many different styles and portrails and many of these be takeno offensive but that doesn't mean that they can just be taken off the shelf.
for example, talking about healthcare, and anc easy sollution to cut the cost down is to have people exercise.
computers are bad because people spent to much time on them, people lose exercise, and they are hazardous to us.
those were days where everything was done with a lack of speed and precision.
my dad introduced me to his uncle who shared the same name as me.
what might be offensive to one person could be a lifestyle or interest to another.
this will help the kids that play baseball.
well a computer can help you with those promblems.
imagine if the libraries and the started putting these materials away, many people wouldnt bother to go to either.
everyone grows up in a different lifestyle.
keeping in contact with important people or your friends is a good thing.
some kids are only and arent that gool at interacting with people in person.
more than that is kids.
now do you see why i chose this side?
finally, computers also create many distractions to students.
if i had an issue with the library for some certian reason i would complain.
all of these can lead to different things like going or.
so as you can see contacting people through internet is by many people in our world today.
thank you for deeply considering all the arguments that i have to offer.
this needs to change.
these warnings are required!
several computer owners say, "" like your actually hanging out with them!""
also computers are now sad to make people lazy or physically unfit but that depends on the person.
but is that enough?
the computer helps me find information for my science project faster than going to the library and looking up information on a book.""
that is facebook, this is what they thinks,"" it talk now why i need to ride to talk in person?""
he also said that it was not safe to get off the jeep.
weather books deemed 'offensive' should be taken out of libraries or not is a serious issue.
what if a bomb is in the white house you would want to get out of the building or find it and disarm it.
when my aunt bought a computer for the first time, she complained about massive headaches that kept returning.
you would think that your going to hang out with them later.
this would happen because no one ever usualy has the time to pick up the phone and talk to the person and do nothing else.
my advice, computers are terrible.
it is what makes the workers to the procrastinators and the fit to the lazy.
the computer gives you answer to question you have.
like i said be what was friend.
physicly preasure or everything to you can learn different as well just log on to this has to choose them.
today, thought the number of collectors is somewhat lees,
do you find the show the offensive?
if you want to start dating again you can always start online.
well i have on many ocations.
when the bell goes, all the children go back to their classrooms.
according to culture digest.com of people visiting a new country.
human only have so long to live.
it gives you the chance to experince other cultures.
when you go on the internet you can learn about cool places and plan vacations.
with a computer if a student forgot his or her homework they could most likley use a computer to find out what the work was.
go on the computer the maps are always updated and you can get easy and fast directions!
you wouldn't want to loose the people who are going to be ther for you, on another what.
for example, my neighbor, , comes home after school by herself.
everyone has a different outlook on what kind of music children should be allowed to listne to.
computers are essential to these people.
also you can video chat which allows you to directly see somebody and actually talk to them physically.
there is a reason for separating the children's section from the adult's section, and it is because some books might not be appropriate for all readers.
in addition it feels better when you work and not just sit on your computer, getting a mounthly cheak.
, in my point-of-view, i think that computers are positive and can give a lot of information to us humans.
it can make what any seam a hard time into a good just by finding your loved one.
computers could even be used for school work.
most of people pay chedes are being used for their computers.
in moderation computers are the most useful tool out there.
for example, students can learn about interesting places that they never knew about. ""
saving money computer tell you where to get good prices to save money.
they need to make a living on the street.
the internet is a realitively new data basis.
many jobs would be impossible with out computers.
would you rather read six books to get that one recipie, or would you rather look it up in less than ten minutes?
people need technology for a lot of thin have technology to us.
i think it's not the people to not get distracted on the computer because it just has so many interesting features.
it's especially helpful for work because instead of calling a bunch of clients.
the computer people made programs that can computers and more really cool.
the reason i think that some of the things shouldn't be on the shelf is because it might be inappropriete.
could play on or agentst with online games.
he had no other way of figuring out about how to handle fights, drugs, and alcohol unless he read about them in a book.
snake do not sting, they bite.
there was a great rush outside the railway station.
each sometimes computers can be a distraction but computers can help you alot.
most people 't know the right ways to excersize.
a computers makes it and it through a lack of information to just computer and find it faster.
when we take up a project we need a team of workers.
but just remember your grades, cars, and your weight.
they have different sections for children's literature and adult literature.
so they're not going to want to do anything and really it's just a waist of life.
people spand hours on the computer doing stupid stuff, like playing games and talking to the, when they should all be outside enjoying the fresh air.
this many people really shouldn't be over weight.
it all depends on personal views as to it being 'offensive' or not.
never again will work be so difficult.
computers made communication easy for anyone.
i also wanted to take you to the other side without computers.
prevents you from exercising, seeing friends and family, and cam impact lives in a bad way.
meditation makes you incredibly calm and you will never be touchy and irritable.
but there are some who wait patiently.
newspaper will no longer be thrown at your front porch.
if you have a long distance relationship you can talk to them and they have many good excessories.
also they have the ability learn more on the computer.
if it can help a driver turn his wheel faster or hit his break i think that hand eye coordination could help that driver stay out of an accident.
your town holds activites or has a fun place you could too.
now the has its pros & cons.
computers can help hand-eye coordination which can help with writing and driving, with typing and and moving a mouse.
even though in the end, i lfind them to be exceptionally books.
on top of getting false information, most people don't even know where to look to get the information that they're looking for.
his task is very difficult.
people should not have a say whether something is appropriate or not to be taken out of libraries.
some people say the people that are on computers dont get exercise or play outside.
in conclusion, no, i do not think libraries should be censored.
a alert saying that someone sent you a email.
the main reason for a book to be censored in the first place is because someone finds in offensive.
i feel that computers have negative affects and they should be gotten rid of completely!
can you see yourself quiting you just because you say your going to work at home.
my second reason is computer's could get you in a lot of troble.
internet gaming is very amusing and you can find many good games for free.
he loves all kids who come to him.
many agree, computers disadvantage many people in their own way.
bisness meetings, governments plans, to just chatting with a friend.
dear : a .
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you to talk about the effect computers have on people.
""'s fun and gets my son prepared!""
but computers don't just cause money problems, there are health issues too.
skype is my favorite, i can see the person talking to at the same time.
if this book was pitched out of the library, how would students all over the nation learn of the ?
the internet can help you alot in your every day life.
thats the world we we live in.
whats the harm in it anyway
about of our world enjoys nature.
the crisp, cool air, tickles you skin, and breathing it in just makes you smile.
it involves the sacrifice of time and thoughts.
history is around to be studied, even if the topics might be offensive to some people.
for one it saves a load of money because email doesn't cost anything!
therefore, i went to become a teacher.
some say that computers are bad for you but they can really benefit society.
my second reason itis that you could be spending time with family and friends.
when i clicked on it i was brought to a site full of funny stories and pictures.
there are books that talk about black people in a bad manner, but they still need to be out there so that people will know.
my school has a big and spacious building.
i know that there's family or friends that be having computers they write each others like in myspace u could have friend from everywhere or family's.
for i myself, that i. the internet is a quick way to get the reseach.
censorship goes against everything the western democracies stand for.
computers also help students and adults talk to people.
this helps because if you haven't talked to your cousin in a while, you can check up with him and talk about things.
well with the computer you can now see people!
furthermore, of parents agree with experts that spend way too much time on the computer but less time with friends.
by spending time with family you not only learn more about them but you can become closer and be able to talk with them about anything.
while typing your report on the computer you might spell a word wrong well every computers has spell check.
its ability to do such should not be compromised.
one reason why people benefit from computers is how they help with education.
adults also do use the computer, but not as frequent as us teenagers.
its all over the web an etc.
first of all, i believe computers is a positive effect because you can connect with people from different parts of the world.
is great to learn about different things by reading, listening, reveiwing, ect, even the things people find offensive, they teach lessons.
radiation eats away the brain causing altsimers, and other mental disease that snew at old age.
since the public library is indeed public, the materials it offers to people should not be offensive.
people who spend that much time on the computer miss things.
of students say they would say something online that they wouldn't say to someone's face.
they also publish important events.
yes, but you are still cooped up in the house insted of in a big library with all the information you need.
i do not respond.
they give poeple and places in the world.
it allowed me to talk to my brother white he was at his chaotic college.
movies are suppose to be enteraaning, not something people should get offended by.
also, the hand-eye coordination you get from typing, goes a long way in sports such as tennis and baseball.
so many people are getting adicted to the things they are finding on their computers.
when they need to be working on their they get distracted and start to go and their own thing.
drivers need very good hand-eye coordination; if you don't have that then plan on a big insurece bill.
i think that uncensoring things in the good and bad form is better than not uncensoring things at all
to a distant and or person.
there was darkness everywhere.
from my point of view, computers don' benefit society.
time limits can fix this problem.
finally, you know how computers affect people.
however, isn't keeping someone from saying something just as offensive?
so now you have read how helpful, how its a neccessity, and the computer is convienient.
let me explain more.
having a computer is a good but if you spend to much time on it you will hurt you eyes.
that is why you need to be carful about what you say and who it is you are really talking to.
thank you for your time.
you can learn many things online, you can practice math, reading, and even writing.
when i visit the library i already know what im going to get so i have never found anything offensive to me.
she loves to eat carrots.
dear local newspaper , i am against that computers benefit society in anyway.
first of all, computers let friends and family talk without spending a nickel.
also with so many computers it creates jobs.
i believe there should be a national rating system for books like there is in the movie industry.
there are many games out there that you enjoy.
i am going to tell you why they should be censored, and what should be censored.
of tests that have taken place to research a dicsease use a computer of some sort to break it down.
everybody should have their right to what ever it is that they read or like to watch.
now, i understand there is a vast amount of people who are against my position.
it has come to my attention that there is an argument about whetehe or not computers have a positive effect on people.
i rather their parents talk to them about that and stop hiding things from them.
some homework requires computers and some colleges are only on the computer so you can stay at home.
if other parents have no say in what there child gets just because they don't care, well thats your problem.
there are dew drops on the green grass.
if it is the librarys should have section for those books that dont let the little kids go in that section.
it is a choice for each person to read what he or she wants to read.
all around the libraries are doing a good job with how they handle it.
computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures.
you should be with your family and and friends.
computers are helpful on finding information, making your work less difficult.
finnally they could go for a long walk on the beach.
and it is a lot more fun to learn of off a computer than a book.
this just adds onto the fact getting the exercise is important to stay healthy.
sooner or later the state is going to have the level from to people who are obesy.
first reason is that people waste money on it.
so what do you think about them now.
i think a computer would always have a positive affect on people.
with out computers you really cant do any thing.
you can go online, look up some of that countries recipes, language, pictures, people without the hassel of going there.
my grandpa really doesn't pay attention to the lyrics as much as my grandma does, because he doesn't see music in that kind of way.
they give people the ability to learn information faraway places and people.
i know some people have their opinions about things but that is why there are variaties because every single person is different.
well, with a computer you can look up almost anything with just few clicks of a button.
computers can allow you to learn new things and search up anything you want to know.
but i believe that typing it might be faster and neater for some people.
before he knew it, he was in debt.
this will help us all because we want to learn about new things, talk to new people and see new places.
people use computers to communicate with people far away.
some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
computers are key when it comes to pysicological learing.
it helps everyone altogether not to worry about what wrong things their kids are doing, or how they snatched the wrong idea.
the most recent book that i have heard of geting censored is .
i myself when i am a parent are going to censor my children away from what i seem unfit for their age whatever it be.
personally i know that i go to camp every year and make new friends.
it also gives me exercise.
controlling a childs life will just cause them to rebel more and more as they get older.
some people are becoming concerned about the materials in libraries.
take the wife and kids on a hike or go and ride a bike, its awesome excersise for you, family and friends and its actually fun!
family and friends some of the greatest things in your life, dont get to bond with you,.
it tones up the whole system.
we all have our opinions and we can speak our minds, but sometimes we do not get want we always want.
then thier only friend is the computer.
now imagine this, your sitting in front of a computer, in a hot, stuffy room.
she thought he seemed acceptable when he said he was and a model.
there's a higher percentange of single parent family's now days than before.just like in the book most kids take the blame for a parnet not being there.
the computer goes beyond just allowing you to talk enables you to connect with people no matter where you are.
on the computer if you are web-chatting, you can not only talk to them, but you can see them!
have you ever started a conversation with someone and realized you have been talking for an hour and a half?
most teenagers are involved with cyber-bullying which takes place on computers.
even very little kids can play games.
raped in websites such as , , and many other dangerous websites.
principal of new city , says, "" students use computers at leat every week if not more.
i fully support the advances in technology.
their house is like a fish market.
why take a book off if only a few people find offensive?
when in the lab, students are required to wear safety material because of the dangerous enviroment.
computers not only help that but they are plentiful & can be used in places such as libraries on internet cafe.
computers can be used for all sorts of things.
secondly, and every importanrt that you get off the computer and spend time with family and friends.
but she didn't havve to watch him on tv, she could of watched something else.
the books, movies, music, ect.
do you know that square box with a screen on ?
it also helps you make new friends.
i agree that computers have a positive effect.
computers help the environment because you are not using as much paper.
the players feel a sensation of joy.
local newspaper, i think that computers have a huge affect on people.
most teenagers are always busy participating in after school events such as: band, playing a sport, theater, choir, ect.
also too much computer is bad for a person's health because they're giving more time to a computer than spending that time excercising.
the war in old days was based on the “laws of war”.
in conclusion these are my three reasons why i think the computer is bad for sivilization.
when you are clumsy you break things.
if they take offense to it then they have the right to ignore it.
so you can never trust a computer.
no one ever needs to go anywhere if all theire communication can be done at home.
with a computer you can organize it all.
first of all computers help hand eye coordination greatly in the long run.
you can still interact with your family and friends either in chat or .
we need the internet for research to get the information we need, to suceed.
so, i hope that while you read through this letter, you take some of this information into consideration.
overall, censorship in public libraries does not need to be as strict as school libraries.
people say the and the inspired to kill , that is completly speculated it's all a matter of 'he said she said.'
dear newspaper, i think that computers are great for researching things like for a car or sereach for people places and thing.
if they are found offensive, and proved offensive, they should be moved.
libraires keep all types of books and magazines so what would be their reason to take the material off the self?
you are sitting in a chair all day then you get no exercise what so ever.
in the field of medicine and surgery, science has made wonderful progress.
first, we should have computers because it teaches us things that we might not have been taught before.
at peak hours people try to board a bus whether there is any space in it or not.
the librarian at the time thought they were appropriate and really didn't want to take them out of the library.
also you can talk to others online to get a feel of what happened.
friends are a big part of my life and i love just to talk to them and see how they are doing.
what would happen if someone got lost and they didn't have a working or signal on their phones.
if we didn't have computers at home it would be a. kids relie on computer them quick, accurate information.
people should be able to do what they enjoy and not have that taken from them.
without a doubt, of teenagers have been killed because of talking online with strangers people.
the need for a , , or laptop is obviously great when you work.
if you wanted to see a picture of a beautiful mountain you could just go to google and type it in.
', and they will most likely not know to say at that moment.
did you know that more and more people these days are depending on computers for their safety, natural education, and their social life?
my finall reason is kids eyesight can go bad.
what would there be left to watch?
it could cause us to lose libraies if others choose not to go anymore.
example, i go on my school's website to retreve nightly homewrok assignments and read the next day's daily annocments.
many people dislike certain materials because of their content.
people also look up a lot of stuff that involves school.
should we take off books that are offensive?
i know you certainly will agree.
but ig i couldn't use a computer then i would of had to use a book; instead of going on the computer and just looking it up.
we can hop on our computers and look at pictures of nature on .
if a book offends you that much then listen up, ' !
plus you can find a safe home with it.
not all children will just go to the childrens section so there shouldn't be offensive material in library's or at least in childrens reach.
of the world spend their time doing somthing active instead of being on the computer.""
when these computer finatics came around, there want be anyone there for them.
they don't worry about being offended by a book.
therefore, i strongly believe that computers are great for people and do benefit the society.
first of all, the biggest computer users are adolesents.
skype is when you have a webcam and you talk threw it.
eventually, if continues to drop at this the will have a world that went.
this cause an effect on that child and they start to act like that or want to become like the person the song is describing.
i do not like showy and multi-colored clothes.
learning is exceptional for not just only the person reading, but also the human race.
everyday, computers are helping people get through their days with minimal problems.
so computers have very good qulities and resources.
it also works well for giving your children a memory they will always remember.
died lates that day.
a world without computers is a world of non-communicating people and no where to gather information independently.
and i'm winning!""
there all made by mankind, but with a bit of technology.
that includes children.
how do you tell on someones maturity level?
well many of us have.
lets say this, a moter, has a child!
this young boy put the book down on the hard floor and started to take off his clothes.
on the other hand, more americans now than ever before are over weight.
many of us dont know what its truly like to go outside and camp.
like how cells divide into smaller cells how body systems work or how a girl or boy is made from embrio to birth.
it also improves at the same time hand eye cordination.
what if they wanted to do that to you if you wrote maybe some bad stuff in a little writing.
if a movie drops the '' then don't watch it.
computers allow us to see people all around the world an learn about them.
secondly, music and movies have censorship.
but people experience less the outside world when they surround themselves with technology.
you can look up people like from 's to who is our presiden now.
the next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other.
had a valid point.
i implore you to consider the resonse computers are used so much and to understand that computers are used to help not hurt people.
when was the last time you saw a kid outside doing something active such as running or playing a sport?
you can gain a lot of weight by sitting down and using the computer all day.
a policeman has to work day and night.
the more our younger generation reads about these ugly things, the more curious they become.
so now i look up all my fraverit people.
but i dont think would do any good, cause people will just find another source to get .
people who do drugs or have a family member that does drugs are an example.
my opinion is that the more that we stay on the computer.
dear newspaper , has come to my attention that there is a massive increase in people using computers in society.
they should have a choice of choosing the materials provided by the library which corresponds to their personalities.
if a person want to read something they should be allowed.
police are shown as stupid and slow and civil characters shine by contrast.
and you can read your favorite books via online scans!, now you be wondering why not pick up a real book?
magizines that people think are offense then the should put in a differnt area so the kids cant get them.
news took a pull and said ""more than half of schools are now using computers to put homework on to save paper"".
there are some effects computers have on people that i agree with and disagree with.
where going to talk about your you bring on the computer all you would with your family.
censorship of books should books, music, movies, magazines, etc., be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
isn't this what you want?
computers can be very handy when you want to know whats going on in other countries.
most everyone owns a computer and almost everyone needs one.
you actually have to get out and talk to people face to face.
these online pages causes people to go on one to connect to their friends.
addiction is a serious matter.
firstly, computers let us talk to our friends and family.
instead of going to the and having to pick out a book, i just go to google and have an entire search engine infront of me.
when we get to the airport we had first class tikets and a ride wateing when we got of the plain that was the best so far.
the final benefit of a computer is the fact you can know about world news in a flash.
it could be a dangerous poser!
during the years of my seventh grade experience there was this playstation game that i loved to play and enjoyed playing every single day with all of my friends.
now, this kind of book offend a few people, but it save a family, a friendship or maybe even a life.
are you there?"
computers are what they say now a days are one of the main reason children spend less time with there family.
many children come across books with offensive language, but if they only read books that are within their age level then they shouldn't have these problems.
with this, family bonds and relationship are ruined as wal.
my sisters are the inspiration for me to make the world in which we live a better place,well, my brother is too.
computers are the real dael.
they vigorously build sley scraping towers, educational fucilities, additions to our health center, and even the very places we call home.
dear local newspaper: computers have become a major part of peoples lives.
many other classical works refference racism, drugs, murder, sex and use rampant profanity.
computers, a very much talked about subject.
you should take it up with one of the workers so they can move it to a different section.
there are websites that have math games and school related things.
of texters say they have miss interpreted others texts.
if it was not helpful, they would have never put it in the library from the start.
one, they take away from spending time with real people, they make people get less excersis, and also they are very distracting and waste time.
they provide knowledge in a click, and entertainment after a long day out work or school.
also, computers gives you the opportunity to see pictures of places and people that you couldn't find in books or photo albums or newspapers.
the scorching sun and the extreme heat had made life unbearable.
to make the growing unity of world possible, development of psychological health is essential.
these days people even watch to shows on the computer-websites such as: , allows them to search anything and watch it on .
i sure couldn't!
so, should context be removed from the eye of the public because a certain group of people do not agree with the content in it?
it gave me a gigantic.
did you know that is recording everything you do online?
a social networking site as a website that allows you to make an account and post pictures and information for your friends to see.
computers don't benefit everyone because it gives less time of exercising.
that is why, i honestly believe computers do not benefit my community.
if you loose everything what is the one thing your will always have?
all the teachers told us that some people parents has been complaning about what there kids are reading.
buisness also need computers to quickly recieve and send information to other buisnesses and people.
computers helped me by looking up the medals quick so i woudn't have to wonder who won a medals not.
many people disagree with that statement but its true.
if there is something offensive about just ask a librarian if they can place that book or movie up higher on the shelves.
stairing at the computer screen can damage your eyes and kill brain cells.
computers are more practical than books.
there's probly information on the internet that probly no one knows, until they read it.
nothing should be removed from a shelf or a rack because another doesn't agree with it.
finaly computers save lives, its completly true.
i feel the computers one or important aspect of our lives.
try opening a book!
they can also help us keep in touch with our loved ones.
well rap music is based on their past and how their life is.
most people will come home and sit on the computer for the rest of the evening.
dear local newspaper, i have herad that you guys are deciding whether or not computers have a negative or positive impact on the society.
thats called interacting talking about it.
the taking away of these books takes away the freedom to read anything you want.
lastly you could go into chatrooms like ( aol instant message ) and talk to people while you are on that sight.
does the society really want to take away knowledge of whats going on around us and our history?
most importantly they are a vital source of communication.
from searching pictures and information for a school projects, watching videos of songs, friends, or tv shows that you love or wonna check up on.
this is because these games are so absorbing.
so if everyone tried to take away the thing they don't like this would be another thing were nothing would be left.
computers help us look up places and things we never seen before and teaches us about them, too.
for example writing on essay, their science fair project and so on.
no child should see those things, but if they are there anyone is going to look.
computers help people learn and make work easier its a fact.
the pictures in magazines, on cd cases or on movie/dvd cases would have stuff that people find really offensive.
yes, they do have some flaws but they are a great learning tool.
the main way of online communication is or .
you could always try that.
about <@num2> of working people need the computer to do their job and keep track of everything.
if you think your children are going to start doing those kinds of things after reading them, talk to them about it.
certain books or other pieces of media are asking for the controversy that many subjects bring, while others are just unintentionally going against certain groups of people.
they help people learn and make work easyer.
if we take away one kind of music, then we have to take away every kind of music.
president said, "" time when i had a big meeting in i had no knowledge about it.
hate sites that encourage terrorism, racial violence and drug use are all over the web.
our society needs .
i think that it all can be fixed if you have certain sections, , and my views on the censorship of .
as far as movies and magazines has gone within the last few years, i think that the also shouldn't be taken from libraries.
we should have them every day.
of cours every body learns and reds new things because of the computer.
i have a uncle that lives in .
they teach to people hand-eye cordination, and about places all over the world.
the future is not far away.
one reason for this is when you type you learn hand-eye corrdination.
because you can get arthrits in your fingers.
so learning on computer can help you learn and have fun at the same time.
computers help us with our education.
by using the computer you get the as a book and easy.
who is to say what can and can't be said?
i took the and compared it in children who don't the benefit of this technology.
but it wont, it will only show them how not to act.
many different materials are found in libraries and some of them are more censored than others.
so eventually the teacher had to change the report topic because not on student was able to find .
second you do projects on them or homework if you need to.
now it's your chance, i hope you will feel the same way as me when it comes to the negetives and positives of computers.
it could be the next best story for somebody.
i think the last time i spent some time with my family was about weeks ago when my grandparents came to visit.
children in there years through about first year of should have to see that.
there is email, chat rooms, facebook, twitter, and video chat.
i could come up with many more ideas but can' fit them just in this story, finally rember people whole lives are on their computers.
whether we are learning about criminals, racism, or wars, there is always going to be one person who is against it all.
do you ever spend time with your family?
fortunately, a big tragedy was avoided that day.
dear local newspaper, i am here today to state my reason why i am against usage of computers.
having a computer effects the owner because they don't have a lot of face-to-face converstions with friends and family.
one person isn't going to change anything.
, are many people in this world that think always being on the computer is good because they can talk with people online and learn more about the world.
this can be directly associated with the overuse of personal computers.
the other day in class the teacher was collecting homework, but out of the kids in our class didn't have the homework.
blatantly, they are bad for people.
who knows what computers will be like years from now?
lastly computers benefit our society because they help keep our soldiers out of the line of fire.
these machines hardly ever slow people more thant manually doing the work would, and the positive influence they have far outweighs the bad they do.
so whether you want to talk to your long-lost friend in or talk to an expert on osprey in , you can find your answer on the computer.
there should not be any problem with giving someone a book that has a few bad word, or a few violent scenes for them to read.
readers are fully warned beforhand of the maturity of the contents.
they can work for whatever company right from their home computer.
i remember the time when i read an online novel and my whole body was ready to go and play.
why can't they go outsite for a walk or a jog?
local newspaper i think that we should have computer but not because many people aren't doing anything.
obesity is begginning to tape a toll on children who only sit inside and junkfood.
i know that a lot of people are against these positive opinions but i think computers have a positive effect on people.
it causes violence among people.
people dont get enough exercise their bodies expand and become obese.
in that time you could be spending time with your precious little girl or even the best friend out side in nature having fun.
this also is a way to see your friends with the latest technology you can videchat.
secondly, can be made.
one reason why i dont think that computers benefit society is because it is very dangerous.
it brings to the surface the evil side of human nature.
that's bad thing.
for example, some websites are bad websites that say mean things about other people.
every were you look theres a computer.
by using the computer for inofrmation on a project or homework, i think it benefits, not effects.
it's time to decide if you agree with me that computers have positive effects on people.
we just have to teach our kids what good and what .
censorship of books in libraries could interfere with school or work related projects and research.
'but i ask myself, do i know it's a bad book when i haven't even given it a chance?'
there were children outside exercising, playing with friends, and living somewhat danger-free lives then came the computer.
this could save someone time and effort.
i think it is essential for the people that can't get off seek fitness and mental health.
i have to earn to get a new phone or a laptop.
father asked him what he was doing, because he was just standing there looking at the person behind the counter.
maybe because of some important information they might need for an assignment from a teacher.
so basically the computer is unhealth.
i have proof my freind's, research show's, my mother also agree's.
this would you, if you had hand-eye coordination you away with your body to avoid the knife.
too bad youre not even saving any energy by that computer of yours daily.
computers are one of technology's greatest and are sweeping the nation, as well as the world.
and you wouldn't be able to keep contact with someone who moved away.
lastly, if you get a computer it makes your life so much easier.
he solves the difficulties of all the students regarding their lessons.
the parent can control the limit in the intensity or maturity of the books their child is reading.
however if you get a computer you must update it reguarly so you computer will not become slow and start crashing on you.
this proves the effect computers have on people is not only positive, but necessary to advance in an ever-growing world.
some people say that they are a distraction to our physicaland mental health.
do you like computers?
not enough exersise or time spent outside can be unhealthy.
well i dont think they do.
dear local newspaper, i'm writing to you because i believe that people in the over use computers these days.
because sooner or later there wont be any trees left in the world and humans would became extinct for eternity.
i was trying to find a book to read for an essay i had to write.
secondly, computers let us do research about stuff we don't know about.
almost everybody was looking out and watching rain every now and then.
this music is able to be accessed on many computers, especially in public, town libraries.
to start off, computers and other technology make life easier.
computers offer of games for to play.
dear , everybody relizes, technology is getting more advanced every single day.
man-kind should use books for research also not just computers.
last week, he took me with him to the forest.
once a road needs to be repaired, work is done that pollutes into the environment even more.
book that give knowledge to people in need, not thing contain negative depictions of human life.
so instead of being on the chat room you could be on the computer looking on the daily news or searching like that.
even engeneers use computers an example is .
the computers of our time help us with what we do everyday.
the computers is the enomy of the people that it is a affecting most in life.
for example make animated movies and video games.
he was looking very handsome.
please, if you don't want your kids to be like , tell them to get up and go play outside.
would you be hurt and taken back?
i have seen some great movies but i have also see some bad ones too.
did you know that ninety-nine out of our hundred students talk online to in touuchscreen.
second of all computers provide a tremendous amount of entertainment.
he never exercises or take a break.
i don't think there is one book out there that doesn't have a curse word in it.
you can talk to old friends or you can talk to family you havent seen in a while.
how would you like to got a """" on your social studies report?
there are online college and online high school.
computers are alwasy reliable - whether it's for homework or another reason!
one was watching tv, reading a book, or going outside, if you could.
we checked into a hotel and had our lunch.
censorship helps prevent people from viewing, listening, or read disturbing images or ideas for certain age groups.
lastly, it is a great way to communicate with friends and family.
it should be a person of the state or local towns person that goes to every house.
i think that computers are good thing to have around.
there are social networks such as facebook, twitter, and , that are valuable for finding your friend from camp.
without ever leaving their state.
the customers of a street hawker are generally housewives and children.
websites have been created where you can play games, find people from your past, or maybe just look out funny videos.
and, even if they did children would find a way to get around the restrictions.
instead of going to the library and getting a cook book, you can type in dinner recipies for chicken.
there are some cases that a victim of an accident recovers with the help of computers.
i like being outside more than inside and i have straight a's.
and then we have no books left on the shelf left for any of us.'
it is great for kids because they need to know these things any ways.
we live in a world with many different ideas, thoughts and beliefs, and we all need equal right to share them
speaking of quizzes that teachers make on the computer, they can also make alot of other things like power points.
don't you agree?
also informat on a computer can never be checked out or not availible like library books.
my mother made some sandwiches and packed some fruits.
derrogatory and pornagraphic websites harm people the especially and teens.
furthermore, his study also showed that people who go outside more and not on the computer as much tend to be happier.
it is now in the hands of the , whether our kids grow up to be the future of , or the joke of .
because bullying, scamming or conning and mis-information are all negative factors of the , and out-wiegh the positives.
see, she was distracted by one, little thing, and her whole life was almost destroyed.
kids get obese, they go braindead, and they develop bad eye sight from it.
if you like to read then check online, these be a book you enjoy free of charge to read.
so, what is your side on this argument?
in the evening we play cricket at the school playground.
if they are found offensive then that is not my problem.
they don't have to take the book.
they let people know what is going on in the world, and give updates on the condition of countries and events.
then a local school has a praject on human trafficking.
i stayed with him for long.
left me and i've never had the chance to get to know my family.
i can remember when i started typing, my hands began to naturally find the keys without me having to look at them.
of are considered ""fat"" would you even think about spending your day simply sitting in a chair?
the second is to be able to talk to other people on line.
read on and i will explain why this is so important.
one reson is because you can communicate with others.
no matter what the content that the book or contains it's their choice, there is a power called freedom in this world.
another mode of communication is ""facebook"".
if the library is in a highschool then we are all old enough that we have already seen or heard anything and everything offensive.
the book, titled , was about a girl who went through some troubled times but found her way out of it.
be censored for certin age levels?
all my friends were also invited.
i think that we should not take them out if they are offensive.
but there was mud everywhere.
should not be taken off of the shelves of libraries.
computers are over used and controll the minds some people.
computers have databases or websites design to have with research just as the do.
thats why the computer was invented.
cyber bullies are also a new and dangerous threat!.
so in a sence you can be in controll of your friendships and who youre friends with.
by using computers we could read online and conserve paper!
so, i am here with my parents because of a computer.
they're established now forms of communication, research and entertainment that will forever change society.
if you are a student or have a job which is the comon day person it's hard not to use the computer.
@caps2 is another thing people love to use.
a recent study on internet use from the for internet use includes that "" "" has a history of a result to suicides or depression in teens.
know you know that i think that computers need to be seen less throughout the human day.
im's, , use one of these fast and cheap ways.
i forgot the deffinition to this homework problem and i dont have my notes.
there are of games on the alone from pacman to scrabble there's no way we'll have nothing to do.
some children hit their parents because the parents shut the computer off.
even by me writing this have cause someone to change there beleifs, and i really hope i haven't.
i was looking at the magazine rack one day and noticed magazines like ,swimsuit magazines and many more.
so don't start taking books off the shelf just because a few people find them offensive.
my father and his father has all of their records in a safe.
music is something that everyone listens to, no matter is its rap, country, or the blues.
many times the reason that the books or magazines are censored is because they portray strong ideas and theories.
also you can easilly go on google and look up things and they can give you thousands of information.
it makes our society look bad and taints our places of knowledge.
i shall never forget it.
sometimes you don't get off till they have a stomach-ach too.
the right to remove a book off of a shelf is not good thing to do.
should don't be removed from the library.i got my own reasons that materials should don't be remove from the shelf.
eventually all information would come from what one would know before the books were banished and in time gone for good.
some books that are found offensive by one person might not offend another.
with computers, you can chat with each other all night.
now a days on there are people being preasured by the media to act out of there charater just to get attation.
in conclusion, computers are very helpful in everyday for alot of different people.
my mother has going for a week?s time, and i am managing the house now.
said the book explained what guys wanted.
my second reason not everyone should use a computer is because they dont spent time with there parent.
, an expert on health, said "" in three people go on the computer for more than hour a day, which could lead to obesinty.
he was a tall frail looking man who commanded respect.
he remains busy the whole day.
finally i am gonna talk about not understanding some words.
computers have helped so many people do so many things!
if we timed many hours we spend on the computer people would be amazed at what they sound.
i think that if it is offensive to different races then yes it should be taken off the shelfs.
computers are not all fun and games they help with other things as well.
speech on: the importance of games and sports
thankfully that man and go online, pick the food that she and the quantity and she can get someone to deliver it.
the human race has discovered many things but our biggest advance is technology.
clouds appeared in the sky.
i know i wouldn't, keep in mind computers provide a safe and healthy life for many people.
is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends who are faraway.
you might have to check your sources to make sure they're reliable, but i believe it's still worth it.
also if there is a pirson with good news and they want tell a lot of people send an email and forward it to everyone.
dear , the question is close too much computer time cause people to interact less with their surroundings?
from my point of view libary is one of my most favorites places to be.
the opposite situation for books: we have them now, but when they are taken, we will want them even more.
lately, a technology buzz has hit all over the world.
teenagers that listen to music from or are getting bad messages.
he teach others how to live harmless lives.
many people say that computers are useful.
you can find webpages, videos, pictures, translators, etc.
this true for must people whether you realize or not i personaly ongoing today and out on time computing you will te.
first, exercising is an exellent alternative to sitting at a computer screen.
my cousin spends all of his time on the computer and when i went to his on christmas he never took his eyes off the screen!
this type of often allows for people to share new and inventive things they've discovered.
i conclude this with the fact that using a computer is not a bad thing, using it repeatedly and not exercising is.
this could help the people avoid such things.
first and foremost, there are lots of things to do.
in my own opinion i believe that shouldn't be taken off the shelfs, because kids know what books are appropriate and innappropriate for them.
all new ways to communicate with people.
there is over a million websites to go to.
so my answer is no about taking things away that are not censored.
the same thing goes for our military, they don't have phones to call home so they communicate via the computer.
like when i got x-box live, i couldnt get off of it.
your computer can't love your dog, so there is a reason why we should get off the computer.
you can't even name one.
i realized i have been wasting a lot of my math homework time lately with those online distracting game.
computers actively help us with our daily lives.
first i'm going to tell you about the books.
if you want your friends you can just message them.
there a lot of reason in which computers are bad.
the computer is beneficial and has a positive affect on society.
leave the libraries' books on the shelves no matter what is in them.
i am almost positve that you love to use a computer, who dosn't?
computers provide great communication with everyone around or even across the country.
on a computer all you have to do is type.
if suddenly those kids lost their computer privleges, many of them will have little to entertain themselves with.
so enjoy it throug h a window next to your desk?
people that do not think they are offensive will read them.
if you ask anyone in school, they will tell you that computers are a very useful tool.
they offer many benefits that enclude communication, enterntainment, and an education.
they shoot you.
the internet/computers are very dangerous now a days.
well, without a if you get up and get active it will be the best decision you will make!
the article was about the negative effects computers have on the community.
you can level up combat skills: attack, defence, strength, ranged, and magic.
authors works arent to be shunned apon but to be read and for people to learn from that book or just have a good time reading it.
you will also have a lot of tasty food and who wouldn't want that?
so they try to get them out of the library.
what happened and that it wasn't what they thought we did then they would stop fighting and the war would be over.
but instead they are addicted to the world wide web and games and websites throughout it.
another reason why computers is a positive affect to our country is because it can us communicate with our friends and family.""
when computers teach you hand-eye coordination, you can use it for other things too.
second of an dont you want to spend time with children before they go to college or some thing?
i wouldnt want my kid or anybody els kid reading offensive books.
people dont get enough exircise but with the help of computers they can find times and ways to exircise so that they can stay healthy.
i think that largest number of people affected by spending to much time on the computer are kids.
so trying to shield your child from the bad things be a great thing, but the efforts are usually failed attempts.
however it is also very foul.
kids might need the material that is offensive,it could help them through life.
kids also get a ton of homework and computers are very important for it.
you could invite friends and have them bring a new friend for the whole group to met.
so last reason why i think the computer is bad is because you don't get enough interacting time with friends and family.
my second example, is you can talk to your friends you haven't seen or talked to in a long time.
seecond, computers help you keep in touch with family and friends.
in the morning, we boarded our school bus and left for the rock garden.
that people are consurnet about how much time people spend on the computer and not with ther familys.
not only rejected but nobdy is going to go through the time and effort to make one of these for it to be rejected because it was offensive.
there are people in the world who might be offended by various types of literature, movies, music, or etcetera.
computers make people become adicted to them.
except in a book its not what other people are doing and saying its what you yourself is reading and how you yourself is interperating it.
we can email and to chat to eachother to find out what they've been doing, hows school, and so much more.
computers not only let a child stay in contact with their family that live faraway but it can also help them get a progect done more eveficantly and quickly.
some talk about nonfiction and some fiction.
there is software that can teach people languages just like books execpt that they have animated teachers to help speak the languege that one got directions to go to.
when someone finds a book, movie, song, or magazine offensive they don't need to watch it or read it.
coumputers help hand eye and they can teach you about far away places.
the computer is just a great way to get information with out every having to leave your home.
i know i wouldn't let my childeren see things like those and i'm about certain you wouldn't want your childeren seeing those things.
you can search good trails to hike on that are near where you live.
many people have varying opinions & beliefs, but i personally believe that computers have a positive effect on the people who use & operate them.
just try not to go online and just go out and go somewhere insted...
when you become overweight you get the risk of diabettes, high colestral, heart failure, liver failure, and more.
first of all, computers help us store many documents without computers companies that involve autioning and many other thing would have to store everything in filing cabinets.
so i say the computer is important in our society.
after reading this essay i hope you will agree with my position.
second of all, almost the hole school use's the labtops, and the computers like use's them.
dear newspaper people, opinion's on what effect's do computer's have on people is without the computer we couldn't research important people and event's.
they also spend too much time talking to friends without meeting face-to-face, and that eventually causes them to drift apart.
dear local newspaper i dont agree with the people who say people spend to much time on their computers.
theres a way; dont let the children watch these programs, that way they won't be tempted.
i don't think they should matter if its a nasty love book or a book, all that matter is that they are reading.
so when you back a vacation on the internet you know it will be a good one.
but, online learning sessions can be time consuming.
and now with (a video chat) you can see the person and actually talk to them like they're back at home.
computers and the have changed the way the world works today.
the computer can let you look ups where your friends live, you can play tons of games ect.
people are becoming more and more lazy these days.
one important fact is that you wont want to enjoy a beautiful day with your family when ther going to the beach.
finaully three you will never see your family or friends if your on the computer.
you stop and make a change right now.
now head on over to your library and pick up a book about something you would like to no more about.
this is the same age a person must be to get into a '' rated movie without parental supervision.
there are pros and cons to computers but manly cons.
on person think somthing is out of line, but the person standing next to them would think it is ordinary.
water is a valuable gift of nature.
i , computers help you learn about all kinds of things.
that have been proven.
therefore in conclusion, in my personal opinion computers have bad effects of people health, it can cause later bacj and neck problems maybe even activities.
we were mature enough to look past the graphic scences and see the movie for what it really was.
it gives them to learn hand-eye .
i think them is we the amount of time could be lives.
they live by themselves.
for example, many parents do not want their children reading, listening or watching certain things.
so generally it's a waste.
it was their idea to put it in the story but some things need to be left unsaid.
yet this is all a matter of perception and everyone has different torances and values.
so i decided to look up the way to find the answer and it caught me up with the class again.
in my letter going to tell the bad stuff about computer and why there not good for society.
people, including singer have been caught in sexting.
i'll admit, i am a little addicted to the computer.
so yes take them away.
one they can really hurt your eyes, two it is not safe if you have little kids in your house.
they show us the good and bad the right and wrong, thats what books are for.
so clearly computers are not our biggest problem.
our country's obesity level has gone up since our high-tech computers have come out.
they don't care if their kid is lbs.
the average weight a year old has increased from pounds in , to pounds today.
attached as people are to computers, they cannot experience the world to the fullest.
teachers cannot tell them everything but computers can, underneath that hard drive is a wealth of knowledge awaiting to be saked up by eager minds.
it was and 's communist regime was ruling new .
sitting at a computer watching youtube for hours is not nessasarily the best thing.
lastly you can enjoy you surrounding and appreciate life and nature.
thank you for reading my letter and hope you take it in consideration.
company all over world make different computers to bring out new styles so people can like them and them.
no little kid should be looking at or saying those things.
people find computers more entertaing than going outside and getting some exercise.
he says if i need to type something out i'll buy a type writer.
you probably didnt do the research in the first place, instead pointing fingers at the innocent.
so then you spend nights in bed tossing and turning.
they take away exercise, cause brain cells to die and other problems occur, and they can ruin your lifestyle.
one day he says to me because of i want to work with computers.
this way, people get what they want, and they have some time off of , too.
countless times i was in desperate need for information.
it helps learn, communicate, and most of all do the important things that we need.
but i think diferent.
use a translator.
as you can see there are meny things to do on the computer from talking to far away friends to making new friends a computer schedule.
try to encourage family and friends, the goverment is also trying to fight this.
now you can talk and see a person in video chat.
all low lying areas had knee deep water.
i personally do not think it is the libraries fault if someone is offened by books, movies , music or magazines etc.
in conclusion, i think computers have a postive effect on people for better grades, learn different things, and talk to friends.
i think the opposite.
well, the books are like the real world.
there is a problem through, because some people believe that computers don't benefit society.
for older kids, there are many games that can play.
cencorship in music.
nature used to be the most peaceful think now it the internet.
instead of eating dinner at the computer, go out to dinner as a family.
do you think that computer's are good?
you can also learn about specific people if you type in their name in .
parents should simply tell there kids to leave those types of materials alone and choose something else.
have you ever had this problem?
dear local newspaper, technology is an important part of everyday living even some people's lifestyle without technology, more specifically, computers, mankind would be lost.
there are many programs that you can use to write documents, make graphs and whatever you need to do.
i was informed by the parents that their children would never get time to play.
different people have different hobbies.
i think that reading books is a very positive thing.
didn't make it because was out of shape.
play some of his/her favorite sports.
first of all, children and people at home and at school use computers for learning purposes.
a library serves many purposes, one, 's , itt's open to anyone and everyone.
i do not agree that computers benefits society.
however you not have known is that it is thought about in every school and every public library.
when it became dark and we returned to our homes.
computers is a positive affect for our country because it helps us find information for school and for location were to go.
also study shows that everytime you are on a computer for atleast minutes you can learn something new you spend your .
thank you and i hope you agree with my statements.
computer are a of looking in many different take days.
the store market is also run on computers.
computers are a main factor in the vast increase in obesity rates.
said no but i need to talk to you about a book the librarian said she was way ahead of her.
the only workout your getting on the computer is your fingers.
to sum it up computers help with hand eye coordination.
something it becomes difficult to walk to the library, not everyone lives in walking distance to one.
finally , inappropriate media should be pulled off library shelves because our world could be a better place without it.
america shouldn't be censored.
secondly, students can listen to music.
that doesn't seem logical or fair.
you wouldn't be able to enjoy the outdoors.
once churchill’s secretary reached office late by five minutes.
social network sites are good for .
this will create a safe and happy envioronment for all who visit public libraries,and other public places.
but i could read any book i wanted to.
after hours of searching, you find all local libraries have removed book for it's explicit content.
every single person has had some type of education.
the section has music which teens listen to.
first reason why computers are good for society is computers help people learn about things.
though many disapprove, libraries shouldn't censor their books, movies, or music because of that.
so, i plucked up courage and started learning again.
exercising is a good idea ins tead of using ""computer time!""
as for school students have to take computer classes to learn how to write brouchures and make websites.
another thing about computers that you can fint stuff cheaper than everyday lif say if you want to a trip and you call for your ticket.
the computer hold lots of information but does it always hold the right information?
it is not unhealthy or time consuming unless you are allowing your computer usage to be that.
we should have milk every day.
for instace, they could learn about foreigh plaus.
it is there and part of our life.
dear , i am writing to you about how technology affects people.
dear , much time do you spend on the computer daily, hour, hours.
i hope you agree with me.
also it shows how the in the other places are and how people have in deal with all of that.
the government of the needs to crack down on the unlawful practices occuring in schools, around the country, everyday
exercise is important for the mind and body.
the computers are ruining family connections.
you can even order tickets for planes, trains and movies.
and think about how much computers have done for you.
using this, i keep in touch with my , my friend who moved, and even a friend from !
i dont think that just because it is offensive someone it should be taken off the shelf, because some people have different views over the book or magazine.
they all most create their own company.
the first reason is the books were written so they could be viewed by the public.
bookish knowledge is theoretical.
for example, about a month ago my back was really bothering me.
dear i think more and more people use computers because it can help you find a job if you lost it.
i have actually had a real life situation were this has been a conflict.
freedom of the states that the anybody has the right to write whatever the he/she wants to write.
conclusion the computer us with our search for information, contact people, and make new inventions.
lets face it, the world is relying more and more on technology and computers.
you can order order all types of that needed to .
i know from my own experience that computers take away time from your friends and family.
based on what you just read, it should be easy to see that computers improve people's lives because they provide education, communication and entertainment.
coumpouters are also great thing becaus of the program that can with it the programs are word, excell, , ex.
make the smart choice.
computers have addictive games that a person will play and ignore everyone and sometimes a family member can go into depression because he or she is being ignored.
is a multi-million dollar company.
this lets people explore the world and do anything.
sometimes it is just necessary.
of the human population spends up to an average of two hours on a computer each day.
computers with risk.
thats why i believe that it would help if the library had a age limit or made certain things for mature audiance only.
computers are a big waste in time and a bigger waste in money.
i think we need literature on this because i feel enlightenment on the subject is the only way you can avoid it.
taking the freedom of what we read or watch away from us would take away or personality and sense of expression.
but not only do people become overweight, they will end up more and more distant from family and friends.
with no computers you could have so much free time for your friends and family if you could only imagine!
i think that's pure bull !@.
in my opinion people would be better off without them.
but a lot of people use computers almost everyday.
so far in the news there have been reports of suicide of the teenager life, reports like: girls killing themselves because lack of .
do you use a computer?
i think in order to buy or rent certain books, music, movies, or magazines you should have to be at least eight-teen years of age.
the readers are the ones that are claiming that the books and other media aspects in libraries are offensive.
once they put something out there they cannot take it away.
people who things and world famous people from back then compared to famous people now.
yes, i understand some of this material be inappropriate for a certain person but there is a way you can fix this.
so when i read about people wasting time on the computer all day i, myself, was very upset!
incredible numbers of emails are sent everyday.
use it for entertainment.
i have many friends living in , and many cousins in , , over.
i hope i will at least be half a perfectionist, as he is.
all of these are positive effects don't you think?
the computer bissness has taken my mother and my stepfather away from me, i mean when they are on facebook they are in a whole nother galaxcey.
i think being on the computer is unhealthy.
everyone has their own opinion on what is offensive and what is not.
one time i wanted to go on the web and look to see there was a in .
computers also helps kids at young age do math and other with their character, like dora, , elmo, and others.
i would be alot easyer and less it you would get of the computer and talk to them face to face.
i am all for using computers and i think they are a useful resorce.
but, what about the other thing?
they make the hearts of the people melt.
well let get started opinion on people using ocmputer is good, only fools don't use computers.
both parties in case are still able to say and express their own opinions.
what ever you want you got it.
just post a question on a public site use people with first hand experience will answer with all the detail you need and more.
this will be good for every race too!
people should get more exercize.
another survey done by the magazine showed that the computer is the best way to stay connected with a loved one.
even if people aren't exercising they are increasing their education by finding information.
the average adolescent only spend ten minutes a week exercising not including gym.
i for one thing that computers are turning our society anti-social, we are becoming obese, and there is alot of cyber bullying that happens via computers.
what i did know was that i could get accesible information from my local library.
if we were to loose them then our lives would change dramatily.
on the computer, you can chat with people everywhere.
every book out there has something bad in it, so we would have to take away all the books other than the little kids books.
education is an of all need, but what if the college that you want to attend is too far from home and you cant afford to move in ?
if you want to go to the movies or on vacation you can get the movie tickets online.
at times they are brutally crippled, made lame, blind etc.
they eat lots of food.
its not in real life, so why should we have to read a little fantasy world that we know isnt true?
in order to do this, however, a person's brain must constantly working.
the population of india has increased at an alarming rate after independence.
it is my opinion that computers are good for and the pres definitily outway the care.
people grow up fast when you think about it, and people start to eat, drink, sometimes sleep at the computer.
but thats there desision this can give you one reason that computers are a positive effect on people today.
by computers affecting this many people's lives is ridiculous.
the computer provides websites giving information on every time you could think of.
it could give you a good hint on whether or not it might offend you.
nearly eight feet high.
could you live a day without a computer?
now that you know about the positive and negative effects of computers, which side will you choose?
, computers are a problem to our health.
is bad because can also ruin your eyes just remeber dont get to close to the screen.
he entertains the people.
one piece of equptment that is affecting peoples lives, is the computer.
the internet was an amazing idea.
dear newspaper readers, this!
this is all because of one little thing and that little things is the computer!
computers can help you get a better education, no matter what your age.
another thing you could do is take online classes if you are having trouble in school.
multitasking is a difficult task to and with hand-eye cordination and computers it becomes easier.
to add on to that this is good for are society because if we use paper thats killing more trees.
the internet can take you to just about any thing that you would ever want to go to.
lastly people stare at a computer screen all day which can cause brain damage.
for this section has movies like strawberry shortcake, athur, even lilo and stitch.
most people wonder where their children learn curse words or sexual behavior and do not consider media as the problem.
about of .t have them.
my second reason is that, computers has games kids play.
some people have one because they like to look at pictures.
you even forget the people you know even where you live if you spend to much time on the computer.
computers keep children inside all day.
lastly, if you are on long enough, enough, it will become an obsession.
he is a link between friend and realties.
not you should go to the park.
well if you have a computer around, there are endless things to keep you busy.
that is my first reason why computers have a positive way on people.
kids need to use the computer because it's another way for them to communicate with each other.
so i think some magazines should be removed off the shelves.
well the awnser would be that it is impossible to.
to remove a book from its natural and rightful place on a shelf is to set its words aflame.
you can use the old-fashioned , you can use a device in the called someone.
i can see how it could be hard, having to purchase these computers at prices as high as each.
i have many friends.
kids and adults was single-handed.
almost every family has them.
the one you love could be messing up because of the that you have in your house.
they help us in so many ways.
i know with my heart and saw that my family means the world to me and everyone shown more time for each family member, not the computer!
people have found ways to communicate with other people through plugging in a web cam and mic.
what i am saying is limit your time to the or thats where you will be spending it all.
computers not only increase your hand-eye coordination they save trees too.
but the best thing of all is finding out information about famuse people like .
thanks for your time on reading why i think computers are a big problem here in the .
and that is call pradizing.
and because writers have the right to illustrate their points through a literal medium, there should never be a limit on these rights.
the person that likes that book might find that the poeple that found the book offensive, they book might be offending the other person.
he ended up being an online predator.
people use the internet to help them.
when something is written it is written for a purpose.
i hope that you can how see how great computer are and how much they help our present day citizens.
many people believe that computers are needed for everyday life, but i would have to disagree.
you might as well stop trying to take down what we grew up to away from us.
not only is it fun, but it teaches hand-eye coordination as well.
sometimes kids forget their text books at school.
adults sitting in a chair for a large part of their day doing absolutley nothing!
everything in the world is in one computer.
that is why the internet is very helpful.
with out computures how could catch the bad guy or catch the cancer before it's too late.
we can learn wat kind of plantation grow there for food for example tropical places grow bananas and cocanuts.
which how internet can help you.
when a student has to write a report and he has bad handwriting he can just type it up and print it.
i know computers can help find information, but personally, i believe that books are better resources.
they could buy flight tickets, book a room at the hotel, and even get a rental car for when they land.
some authors do this in a very offensive manner.
using the computer to keep touch with family is not so expensive at all!
people can use them to type papers or reports, makes graphs, and other important things for us.
if everybody liked the same thing, then let anybody that enters the library remove an offensive item.
i don't always get what i want and i don't want every new thing out there because i don't deserve it.
i also could look up where i'm going on vacation and then i could learn more information about it.
when you are on a computer, have you ever noticed the hot air blowing out of the fan.
so the computers have a positive effect on people.
after reading this, don't you agree with me, that computers are a benefit to society?
for example, in fifth grade i did a research project on .
researching topics is not the only way to get false information.
computer say there are available flights to your destination and how much.
there are plenty of books that people don't want their children reading.
so if the parent buys the child that that is bad it is the parents fault.
in conflusion i think that people should be able to read what they want even the books people find offensive.
they thought that kids in middle school shouldn't be reading books with cuss words in them and vilence.
the can take videos and pictures as well as play music, videos and games.
i believe computers aren't having a positive effect on people in this time period for some people theyve really taken over their lives.
same for when some one asks you whats offensive to you.
for example, on a sunny and beautiful day you would think that most kids would be outside having fun, but this isn't thet case anymore.
where there are chat rooms were they can interact with others.
don't just think they won't watch it and then when they do you get mad at the people who created the show.
i think that they should either be placed more appropriatly or removed completely.
ever i get the chance i my best buddies instead of using the computer.
they will be more than understanding and possibly give your child a different book.
now imagine if we were able to stop that.
dear , you imagine where the world would be without computers?
therefore on one full moon day, he abandoned his family.
they help you with projects or homework but many experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers.
i believe that if we didn' have computers then our world wouldn' be the same.
dear local newspaper, i agree that computers have a positive effect on people.
then i hate falsehood.
also, you can video chat ur webcam to actually see them.
they do not have any worries.
i truly have observed more lack of reading due to controversy than the increasing of reading due to controversy.
some people that this is and leads to , but anyone who has basic knowledge knows not to information.
i got internet in my house, i barly ever got to talk to my family.
this way anyone who is under the age limit will not be able to get the material.
for instance, if you use microsoft word, you can type up whatever you want.
your friend that moved away, you can send her a message and get back in touch.
, do you really know if the people you're talking to are who they say they are?
how great is that?
i realized i needed usually this would be difficult but with the help of computers, research can be made a whats let easier.
now jaipur was in sight.
in a computer, you have access to friends old and new and information from millions of sources.
society computers to get information.
computers have good things but they can also be bad.
any thing in moderation is okay.
we are also taught how to correctly cite and research work.
most movies these days are very gory or offensive in many aspects.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers have a very positive effect on people.
my son said.
with the mayor, a couple teachers one english teacher from each level, and parents, and the librabiens.
thank you for your time.
they allow us to improve our hand-eye coordination, learn about faraway people and places and what with our friends.
there are millions of books that are not only exciting and stimulating but also can have a positive influence on one as well.
some scientists think people are spending too much time on the computer.
second, computers are a great way to communicate and keep-in-touch with other people.
either way it would help them be a success in their life.
action songs were sung.
if someone doesn't like a book then they don't have to read it.
furthermore, typing is a mandatory class for many freshmen and previous experience is very helpful to the teachers and students.
we don't spend time with our friends any more.
studies show that computer games are better at preparing a child for school than textbooks and worksheets.
a word is simply a word.
lincoln is regarded as the greatest american president.
this isn't good people.
they help with conversation with old friends we haven't seen forever.
present age is an age of advertisement and hoardings.
couldn't you talk to your friends and family in person rather than ignore them to use your computer?
this is a very two-sided subject.
well with one of the many free websites like and facebook go can do htat in d heart beat.
it could also let them communicate.
i believe that only by reading the literature on past situations and struggles can you avoid or overcome struggles you face or will face in your lifetime
if you have thred reports to do it will best to use a computer to look up the information because it will be easier and faster to do.
as you get oldes you can possibly became with a list of items that can be wrong with you such as diebites, high cholesteal, and heart problems.
my final reason is someone wants to look up something for his or her project and the liebreey is closed for information and copy it down for your project.
now your not working out and you just keep eating.
it increase the hand-eye coordination, talking skills and easy knolage.
he has to work under scorching sun and pouring rains.
most year olds don't hear about all the drugs, sex, or teen prganacy.
if people do not agree with this 'offensive' matter, then they should not take part in it.
just too sit in the house and go to websites.
another thing is that either parents set a time on the computer or they take a way.
they are fantastic resource with endless information.""
by cutting away different materials would be stopping people from enjoying the world of minds.
also people think that computer's can do anything it really can't, everything a computer can do is like a drug it's addicting.
in my experience i find that people who are on the computer often generally don't have very good immune systems.
some books have alot of cursing in them and alot of childern pick up on words and start using them more and more tell it becomes a habbit.
also, computers let you learn a lot about history.
learn a lot now, and you will be better off down the road!
get this need of life, invest in a computer!
when your on the computer chit-chatting with people and playing online friends do you think about what your missing.
well im going to give you three reason about this.
daily exercise while having fun beats just having fun on a computer.
some people don't really think about it being as bad as the next person.
should they be removed?
also webite or pop up icon are not suttebul for younger kids and exposeing them to to mature for them.
that is why towns offer these activities. ""
there are a lot of uses for a computer and one of them is learning.
when you sit in front of a computer, it reels you in.
online predators sit on the computers basically all day trying to harm others.
you become complitely new.
those are two examples of how a computer can bring people together.
this is the result of excessive of computer usage our society will become lazy, and dependent upon robot slaves and loose, brain washed.
however, i do not think that any book being deprived from a libray.
goverment shows that people are over weight and people are on the of obesity.
its like when he's on that computer he dosen't listen or hear anyone, not even his parents.
now you know computers are really good for kids not that bad.
computers are bad because they can become a computer.
no one is the same, we all have different likes and interest.
not worrying that they are ganning and a on their heart of the .
with computers we can online research, save trees, and communicate with people far away.
if someone wants to read a book or watch a video, they should be able to.
increase tolerance people are.
these allow you to send someone a message faster and easier.
most of everyone know that censorship is a big deal but it doesnt have to be.
she finds something she can depend on in her life that she's never had before.
you could be outside injoying the nice weather you are getting.
they deserve to have a wide selction to choose from.
it isn't natural for people to be internet fanatics.
my following reasons will explain why i don't agree.
the examples that i have to support my are the website that kids us to talk to their friends like myspace and facebook.
as you know many web sites that are not appropriate for teenagers are accesible to them on the computer.
this could affect their future they could grow up sad and lonely aren't know how to act around people they get job their works around people.
dear local newspaper, i think computers are used way to much in this society!
thankfully, online college courses are available.
another reason for why computers are beneficial is that they allow you to talk online.
computers are great, but you should also use other things too like maps, book, ect.
computer are also a new way to get entertained.
please take my idea into consideration.
parents also have a say in what they want their children to watch, read, or listen to.
my conclusion is we need computers to survive without them we will be in the stone age still.
one way computers benefits our society is ability to access ample information, pictures, and news.
schools should use computers because its the best way to get the information that you need to do something.
finally it makes you more social.
everyone is an individual and is different in their own way.
we need computers like we need water.
play a game.
i think people are entitled to their own opinion, although some people's opinions could be rather stupid.
cow comes next.
also just who would be left to decide what material should be removed and what material shouldn't?
kids today need to spend more time outside then playing games on the computer.
i don't think that there is any books etc, that i would take off the shelfs.
i do not believe that books, regardless if one person deems them offensive, should be removed from the shelf that they have been placed on.
evidently excessive computer use could have very detrimental effects in a natural disaster, even to adults, so we need to stop it!
dear editor, i think that people are spending too much time on the computer.
what can be so wrong with specific material that we must take it away from everyone?
i personally learned a lot of things from i've seen on television.
in my upcoming paragraphs, i will explain why i diagree with libraries having censorship on a lot of their materials.
alot of people think that computer are not good for us.
dear , computers are very helpful in daily activities, but computers have a bad side.
as a result, family is important, so don't let the computer ruin yours.
computers are also a massive social network.
contacting other people is also a great reason why computers aren't bad.
computers help many people learn about different countries and cultures.
first off, computers provide you with communication skills.
on coumputers today people make money by selling graphis they made on coumputers.
for example children who have computers learn how to fly a kite or for themselves with their parents watching and they learn hand-eye.
dear local newspaper, the question that everyone is asking is do computers benefit to society.
we should take time to read some of those so called offensive books.
if people start taking books out, all the book will be gone .so that would mean where would be no books form people to look at.
now think of how hard you worked to teach your child respect and manners.
the rainy days that follow are a blessing.
computers are no help to this problem.
now lets say the wiring in your lights get messed up.
there are my opinions why a computers have a positive effect on people.
many people have different opinions on why the computer is so important to them, but most agree that friends is one big factor.
ninety percent of the time that i do that my grades go up and i get a satisfying grade.
but you can highlight the important.
for example, many people don't go outside as much.
my seocnd reason why i am against using computers is who's online when your up there.
i strongly think that the internet is the number one way of communication between people.
homeworks, it's a big role in school, if you don't do it or worse don't get it can you down.
in addition, computers can help people get neat and clean.
by the time they get out they are broke
it taught my cousin how to talk and he's /2 years old.
normally when someone takes offense to something they try to get rid of the thing offending them.
say their a teen and end up finding you that is why parents should not be let their children be on period of time and should be on.
you can use hand eye coordination to do stuf faster.
this shows that if you use a computor will not only show the word you wrote but also correct with spell check.
a doctor knows how to treat and cure sick people.
we still interact with family and friends but know we are also able to do so on the computer.
in the news or radio you always hear about some boy getting bullied and stuff at school.
computers effects many people for what it does.
of peoples hand eye cordenation has emproved when using a computer.
being able to talk on the computer is good to using voice chat or instint messenger is your choice.
but would you ever think that it would be taken off of shelves because of one word that was used in it?
people say using a computer is like learning to ride a bike.
if you say something to the parrot, it listens to it carefully and learns it well soon.
my personal favorite finiding the true treasure of hidden bands, the fantastic ones, that one even knows.
it's not fair to those people.
computers are one of these great benefits.
no matter what a child or even teenager .
we would not have any books if everyone removed the ones the disliked.
stories such as romance novels or vulgar horror and action stories have been viewed as innapropriet to some ages.
also, if you do not spend time with people it could lead to socializing problems.
it allows the book to give off a feeling of living in the time is based in.
but should your resources of where you find these materials be limited due to other people's morals or values?
if this does not change americas future will be at risk.
ask yourself the question again, ' do you know it's a bad book when you haven't even given it a chance?'
they only way that i feel a certain material should be removed from the shelf is that if there are many complaints about the same material.
that you do not approve your child of watching even if it is with you ,it's just flat out wrong i would say.
no one could get anywhere if we stood in lines all day!""
computer are like a giant resource of information.
people these days use computers for pleasure.
these are poetry, music, excursions, meeting people and reading thought provoking books and magazines.
on the internet people can find information about faraway places or people.
if something causes someone else harm we should not do it.
there are many things in books that parents don't want their children to read.
you can't get away from things that are offensive to some and everybody has a right to do what they want.
lastly, having computer skills is very, very, very important in the real world.
if we had something that would shut off othe computer but save everything you were doing, people would go out more and be more active.
at my public library, citizens of my city can request certain books, movies, music, or magazines to be put on the shelves.
's just like you wouldn't want to take your child to the , half naked to naked woman just walking around freely.
to a is a big target for censorship, but it is about treating everyone fairly.
especialy children, they spend to much time on computers and are becomeing over weight.
people of all ages have this problem of being distracted by computers and not gettind work done.
being on the computer takes a lot out on the body.
you believe its pointless but almost the whole uses it.
i feel this way because people need to start exercising it more, and interact with family and friends.
her white gown made her look like an angel.
was simple, i just searched local , and came up!""
thank you for taking your time reading this and i hope you do agree with me.
they're so busy on , , and other death comps that the real things important our alone.
well i guess that about sums that up for me.
also, you can interact with friends and family members, by email etc.
do you think that certain books, music, magazines are sometimes found very offensive?
such cyberbulling has even led to suicides.
business owners, or businessmen and women in general, are on their laplops or blackberries.
my cousin is in college right now and i always talk to him on the computer to see how he is doing.
, i want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem.
they teach hand eye coordination, saves trees, and allows people to learn about everything.
so, you need exersize because it's good for you and exersizing can protect you from health problems such diebities.
it definitely benefits society.
i think that's pretty positive.
now, with facebook she has re united with them.
she spends a lot time on the computer whether she likes it or not.
@caps6.com, we have discovered that millions of users use the computer & to communicate everyday.
it was to shout the , so my family had no way to.
just remember that many people need to exercise, many play sports, and many families got to exprience the outdoors.
i mean think about how many 'blonde jokes' there are.
but why do you than you ask, it is because they never some outside.
also have the ability to help people so things that an than a pig sty.
finally you can waste your time at home and not explore the .
dereck was a channel news reporter, ""i can hit some far balls that take the cake for some of our games.
we nede to time the lemt lo-menteno it.
you can even use the computer for your personal enjoyment.
she gets paid loads of money.
i friends, everyone has friends either new friends or old friends.
she advises them to work hard and study.
you just simply have to grab a new book.
i just made more friends when i moved.
oprah said, i was young i couldnt catch a ball but now that im older and using computers im the best.
outdoors are just fun "" .""
we have the right to take down the books but why should we.
it would be like asking someone to rewind time so that we would not have had slavery, depressions, world wars, and homicides.
adults use them too.
then, the library has a bad image which is a big problem.
and so i think that people are just to addicted to compulers they dont use it for the fright reasons.
in conclusion those are opinions and reasons to support the effects about computers.
as a result of the internet, people are smarter.
the first sware word a child hears probably wasnt in a song or movie and was probably somewhere in the real world.
they allow you to do so many different things.
he recommends that people use their computers less computers are doing more.
this goes for literary items too.
so now lets see what you think.
what better way to protect them than by removing their bad influences.
, in and a student could find more information on a specific country than they could with a book.
everyone has that right so i do not think that companies have the right to take that away from them.
what if a person didn't like what he/she read and gets offended.
while your friends are having a party.
i see those books as our history, those topics are taught to us in school and we will most likely hear about such things as we grow up.
so these are all my reasons why i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
the computer is used for quick and easy research, interacting and communicating with friends and for personal entertainment.
first of all, computers are great for increasing hand-eye coordination.
the years computers helped us with almost everything.
computers let you stay in otuch with realtives keep up with friens and are a good of entertainment.
yes, i agree with the concern that expert have.
there is already plenty of offensive literature in the world and to find it all and restrict all of it would just be irrational.
we each should take proud it making the children learn better, act better, and above all make their dreams come true.
my second reason is kid might have to look important things up.
then have comunications with people with computers.
lastly, computers allow people to communicate through internet.
parents should not let there kid go to the library without them if they are scared for them to do something or look at something bad.
computers have been rapidly changing too.
my mothers works on a computer she would loose her job.
the average kid could learn more in an hour with a computer than they would whole day at school.
music can be offensive to some people becasue of the language they use in it.
some advertisements talk about joining a gym and exercising.
however, i believe that is not true.
instead of wasteing their time doing that they should go outside, take a walk just do something!
the past has nothing to do with what is going on in the present.
without it they will have sloppy handwriting, absolutely no chance at sports, and much more.
althoug these all sound good any one can post imformation on the internet so some imformation misnt not all be accrate.
keep in mind all the avaiible ways to get in touch with friends and see why the computer is so great.
getting in trouble online is bad because you could get sued or the owner of the website could delete it from your computer.
so no, i completely disagree with the idea of movies or books and music having to stop sales because two or three people were offended by it's content
also people can talk to each other, and believe / create whatever they want.
fortunately, it means we do projects, reports, and research on the computer.
most of the time this happens eventually you will lock yourself in time a darkroom to rest.
computers help us see the unseen.
it is good because you get to learn about forein places.
dear , you ever wonder who really invented the ice cream cone while standing there licking one?
we should not cut them down.
some students play different games in the playground.
and instead an e-mail just send a letter!
first of all, computers prevent you from spending time your family and friends.
studies show that out of people say that computers answered their question better than any library book, did.
this will cause alot of conflict and big situations in the future if this was allowed.
people like accountants use computer for there job.
they arent communicating with any of their friends, and arent really doing anything at all.
the corperate from said that out of people agree that everyone should have a computer.
why can't we think on our own anymore?
so think about other people's' possible feelings, thoughts, opinions in mind before making a decision.
soon, you would be able to type a certain amount of words in a short amount of time.
who be the final judge as to what books be banned?
does the book ?
now what side are you at?
you ask yourself the answer is simply that the is too expansive and distracting.
sometime you wont have a good life without enjoying it.
research things that they have never known.
that means there are over six billion different personalities and opinons of all these distinct people.
he has no proper place to live.
someone who is pro life on the controversial issue of abortion believe that a book about a teenage girl getting an abortion is offensive and against their beliefs.
this could be of the hand-eye coordination gives theory is whatever you think, you type.
new discoveries have advanced with the help of computers that will actually help people's lives!
having an endless source of information in your own home.
it's a fact that when people spend more time together, they have more fun.
dear newspaper, the fresh air that cools your skin and the wind blowing through your hair while you are running side by side next to your best friend.
i could do these things with paper and pencil and ask people what i'm trying to find out.
computer screens are harmful to the eyes if you stare at one for too long.
dear local newspaper, people use computers but not every one agress that it benefits society.
even most they are not physically with you talk to.
people have told me that she is part of a group called and its a group where they try to i think 're-birth' thereselves.
i was missing out on a lot of things.
dear readers, i believe that computers do good in our country and have a positive affect too people.
lastly is you wanted to do a presintation on bloody or little nine you would want to use a power point instaed of just reading from note cards.
things like this help out so much somepeople just.
you know the average teenager spends at least hours on the computers?
i would rather my children know about everything so they know what is wrong and what is right.
second, in a couple years everything will be computers.
computers are showing kids the wrong mind frame they need to be in.
three out of five kids at say that they didn't have a computer growing up, they wouldn't be as good at their sport.
's about these two people who fall in love and their love lives.
it is either to keep them safe, pure, or happy.
computers help children and adults learn so much.
computers and technology today have had a very influence on very many people.
conulison this is all my reason why i agree with the effect of a computer have postive reason for a lot of people.
due to the increase in building house more masons are required to build those houses.
i know what i stand for and i will do what i think is right and i won't listen to offenesive music or watch rated movies.
he takes me around the farm.
stories about knights and princesses are great for young people, but other stories about the darker sides of life are normally kept away from the hands of children.
to sum it all up, computers maybe, but every single cloud has a dark lining.
another way computers benefit society is by letting people chat with people all over the over world.
this websit allows you to not only talk to the other person, but to see them too!
, a high school teacher, states that "" of students in the school use the computer to help them with homework and reseacrh.""
first of all without computers there would be no internet and without that many jobs would fail.
for example, my stepbrother is always on the internet now.
and maybe change a couple scientist's mind.
this save much time than going on the librery and finding a book.
now you gotta think, man if all these people keep coming in here and saying these books, movies, etc.
so, computer specialists, what are you waiting for?
hacking was become a world wide sport.
the reason why computers have a positive effect is because you work your eyes and while you are typing you are exercising your hands.
finally, freedom.
taking materials out of a library i would have to disagree.
do you understand why computers are useful, now?
do you want your children failing in school because they libaries take materials off the shelfs?
i've seen it with my own eyes on how bad sheltering kids from media and books can take effect on certain things in a human being's life.
finally, should we do this, it will not solve anything.
most importantly, computers can help you find a good job online and even help type a great resume for you.
my parents gifted me a red bicycle and arranged a big party for me.
dear newspaper, some beleive computers do not benefil society, i do.
so why would we not have the same rights?
people find different things offensive that others do not.
finally, while your on the computer checking you myspace or your face-book there's a bunch of things happening around the .
secondly, the computer teaches you things that help you later on in life, and it let's you know things as well.
are you worried you do not get enough exercise?
i bet some people have never thought of this but computers can lead kids, and maybe even adults, to cheating.
it usually does it in the morning, when the first rays of the sun appear.
every book has a different plot and a different moral.
if you really think of it, are computers as beneficial as we think?
on a computer you can do many things to never get bored.
some experts are concerned that people are spending to much time on computers, and i believe that they are correct.
dont get me wrong, its nice to meet new people on the internet and learn about other places.
although censorship isnt usually a bad thing, it is sometimes over-used.
when i was little, my parents use to tell to go to the library and learn something.
secondly, computers give people the ability to form about places and people.
i like the saying sticks and stones break my bones but words will never hurt because it says if your offended then get over it.
it's not easy to interact with family and friends who live so far away and the internet allows us to do that.
all throughout the world there are libraries.
they need to be written, read, and selected to be published.
we will not be a respected nation anymore.
dear local newspaper, your computer daily can be a waste of your life.
from to myspace the internet is full of information that can have a positive effect on people.
do you think having inappropriate or offensive books, magazines, movies or music should be found in a public library?
so you shouldn't let the computers get to you.
we all know the way our economy is rediculous.
see in ways we are not so diffrent from our chiledren at all realy.
another great reson for the internet is for mention or just to have fun and relax.
more often than not, kids learn cuss words fom paents or friends.
many people think the book should be censored.
there are more books in the library you can read.
without these important technology devices we wouldn't be able to do any of these things.
the best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others.”
he figured that one would not hurt.
some contest "", use a phone or go out.""
many people say that computer is help them in their every day life.
people need to enjoy nature and spend time with family and friends.
for example the book could be about multiple people and you read the entire thing only to get two sentences of information.
for example: they go on website & they go on it over & over & over again.
libraries should not cause worry or harm in any way.
some people ask, ' books should be censored from libraries?'
i know the computer is fun playing games, talking to friends but you should take a break and something ples.
on the internet has truly changed the world in more ways the anyone could have belived fifteen years ago.
this is a fantastic effect that computers have on people.
take for example, a child that is six years old, and can do whatever he or she wants.
they could also develop a rating system like they do in video games so you know what kind of content is in it.
if the computer didn't exist, we might not know about the lifestyle mi away from us.
did you know of all use computers regularly?
a large amount of people use computers daily, but not everyone agrees this technology benefits society.
we need to make rules to keep people out in the open out to give the generation a healthy life.
they find it out of place or offensive.
i believe that everyone should have the option of finding the book or movie of their choice.
thank your for reading this letter, and i hope you can take this into consideration.
when people are on the internet they could learn just about anything they want to on the giant mass of information we call the internet.
if books are removed from the shelves due to censorship, than what is the point of writing or even reading books?
your in luck a computer teaches you.
because now a days all books have something that is bad for our mind.
people can also talk to friends, especially on popular websites, computers are even used in school, mostly in college.
thats why people shouldn't spend all of their time on the computer.
you can use the computer to learn when is the best times to visit that place.
there's also a website, ""blogtv.com.""
that is why at a given point in time, some part of world experience summer and some winter.
the dangers are always there.
the computers we use in society do not harm us in any way!
with programs such as , you are given the option of different fonts, colors, bolding, pictures, symbols, and so on.
although we are becoming a smarter species, we are destroying the ones who will soon lead the world.
that's what i think about what people say such things as the computers not.
it might affect children's education or it might be the cause why your bills of electricity went higher.
please i'm asking you to understand that our society will crash it we don't fix this issue.
if you weren't looking at the screen, would it be possible to win the game?
then lastly just get off, go spend time with your family the computer will always be there.
no they should'ent.
the dishies will be dirty and your room will be a mess.
the child started dancing with the fairies.
well with the internet all you need is your credit card and you could be there tomorrow because the internet allows you to try new things.
they could publish bad things go on ridiculous websites, and watch horrible things.
you can do research on a school project or on other buissnesses you interact with.
they also teach the brain how to better direct the body to face i'ts needs.
so computers are a good thing and a bad thing.
oreos, , are all common sparks for people to be eating while on the computer.
family and friends are important websites like , facebook, aim and 't that cool.
therefore, never depend on the internet as a source of research.
secondly, they got ,myspace which you can get your identity stolen.
a picture on a computer cannot even compare to what it is really like.
computers have very benefits.
there are books out there that are discriminating certain races of people, or informing us of a time when people were discriminated against.
books be the only exception.
you can use it for research, organization, and business matters.
have you ever turned on the t.v.
computers are good for people who use them to learn about the world.
if i were you, i'd stop being lazy and actually enjoy your life and not waste time doing lazy then go.
the main downside is that a minority of computer user don't get enough exercise.
just for being on the computer people don't pay attention to their health.
computers have multiplied our man power giving us more organized way to store date.
the memory still haunts me.
discovering things on the computer is something that happens every day.
if you throw the candy away, what does that mean for the other party guests?
these books signify a great part of human history that many people need to know.
these unfortunate factors cause many of the issues between people today.
this benifits you to see and speak to them without having to get on a plane or any long car rides.
with just a simple click of a mouse a person can talk to their bestfriend as if they were right next to them.
my first reason why i think using computers is good because people learn more on the internet, you know what people say, you learn something new everyday.
"" did you practice typing .""
as a matter-a-fact your job involves a computer!
if that movie case is sensored then that kid would never even think about smoking because of his role model.
if a book is removed from the library for its contents, people will look into as to why it was removed.
movies and television.
it's the year , and computers are used for basically everything.
in conclusion, people who spend too much time on their computer spend less of their time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with friends and families.
you could get in trouble, and it could effect your education.
lastly, computers are a way of contacting others.
you could do bad things over the internet, won't exercise, or have time for your family.
with all the facts i have given you i hope you agree with me that computers are very helpful nice and safe.
i return home at two p.m. and then take my lunch.
at school in english, i would use my computer to help me with a writing prompt.
only because the computer were going to crash and lose all the data that we have ever recorded.
relies on the computer to talk to his loved family.
i always keep sending words wrong.
other websites all difrent types of games on it could be bad for some people because some of the games are not vary apropreit.
so, you should be safe and don't put any thing on the computer if you would want anyone else to see .
so what is the point we all will never all agree on something, we can't please everyone.
we need to be able to ask someone a quick question.
dear newpapers journalist, people shouldn't have computers.
computers can really be dangerous to you health!
do you want your kids obducted fo rooms?
some kids, youngadults, adults, and students sometimes have bad hand writing.
that's amazing!
libraries should be filled with all sorts of subjects appealing to everyone.
if one removes a book that twenty people take pleasure in reading, then thats twenty people that are not going to want to read anything else.
but eather way they are using computers ina way that can help them down the road.
its now or never citizens of newtown!
so don't jusdge a book by it's cover and lets not set a high standard on censorship in libraries.
another thing that the computer offers is hand-eye coordination.
i have my own beliefs that i'm sure not everyone agrees with.
she would most likely need to go to the internet .
i think that censorship in our libraries would be a idea, and i think we should definitely not take out all the offensive material in the libraries
thank you for taking your time to ready what i really think about removing articles from libraries
that is why computers are so helpful and people just love them.
my last reason that computers benifit society is they can make you smarter and make you do better in school by learning about often people or cultures.
it helps you learn social skills that everyone needs.
it is because there are people who do like it and do not have a problem at all and like me is not bothered by it what so ever.
pictures of scientific laboratories where space shuttles are sent to the moon have main component computers.
there would be more to do.
gather your family and plan a trip.
i know that people shouldn't be to computer, talking to people.
other experts disagree.
the thing is computers are not the only things that cause obeisity.
dear the , i can see both sides of your argument, on wether computers are important.
we estimate of this next generation will be legally blind before age ."
many programs are now available on computers that let you see people, but wouldn't you rather talk to him or her in real life?
get off your computer, and go for a walk.
then you go to search and put in then all this of him comes out.
when you think of the music, books, or movies that need to be out of childern reach what should they be?
the last point i will be touching on this discussion is the loss of money that some of the schools have due to damaged books and stolen property.
sure, of course the computer has a couple downsides.
first off computers arn't a bad thing if they are just helping people get to know each other better.
it effects parents, beca use it will sucess them in life and help them find jobs, with their jobs.
thanks to the computer we found a doctor to help my dad get fixed.
pulling them off the shelf could mean that you impede someones ability to learn a new word or gramatical law.
its all on how you look at it you have to have a sense of humor when it comes to stuff like that.
if people waould spend as much time enjoying nature as they are on the computer.
i've got my two reasons across let me get my third.
then they type a response and it comes back to you!
in my opinion computers are very beneficial.
getting more active even bring your friendship or family bond even more closer.
teens and even small children get lost in cyberworld and don't use their after school time wisely to study or do homework.
every-one likes to drink orange juice.
computers especially help out college students.
not only can you talk to people on computers, they give you better hand eye coordination, and they quicken your raflexes.
it is important for a student to read , and the works and .
computers have been so helpful for many people with this same problem.
i remember years ago when i moved to , i mised my friends in so i video chted them.
i think the using the computer is not a bad benefit because it helps you be in communication with your family or friends.
computers are sometimes dangerous for people.
it gives me joy and happiness.
in conclusion i think computers are a great, fun, and helpful invention.
only instead of a book, was a music cd that she had wanted to listen to.
he is every inch a gentle man.
computers are nice to have, but be careful not to whittle away all of your time on it!
you think to yourself how unecessary those images were, now scarred into your mind.
hand-eye coordination is a useful ability that is usod to excel in sports.
opinion is you should spend time interacting with people in your society, your family, and friends.
computers also teach hand-eye when using a mouse.
over all the computer is one of the most helpful things ever and with technology upgraing daily soon it will be even to do things.
this can cause a lack of communication skills, something that might sound good online, could sound absolutely terrible in the ""real"" world.
she never wanted to get off: i hope youv enjoyed my opinion', thank's for even taking this time to read it.
students have the right to choose what books they read, as well as the ability to know what they should read.
when people are going to lay on the for minutes it takes hours!
i'm talking about the people that don't work in computers.
it is impossible to please everyone.
an age restriction of thirteen years and up would be a responsible decision.
the school has even started doing something very new, allowing parents and kids to check the students grade online.
yes, they are.
its the easyest and cheapest way to comunicate.
think of it in your own perspective.
the final major advance is the use of the printer,"" i use printer to print of papers to bring to school,"" said.
lots of people life that we had computers they have lots of benefits that come with having computers.
we dont learn hand eye coordination we won't know how to do other stuff that hand eye coordination.
no one should have to worry about being offended when they walk into a place of learning and knowledge.
who would want to go to the library and want to sit there knowing that they are going to be reading something that is not interesting and just boring?
computers has a negative effect on people.
i bet you don't want your future generations like this.
they can teach people many things.
peple are becoming lazy every day because they are on the computers .
something that is offensive to one person not be to another.
my first reason is natural disasters.
they can have devastating influence, no supremacy, what so ever unless they are a teacher of same sort.
if they are overweight their legs could ache and a simple set of stairs could become a huge challenge.
we should not result to censoring books, movies, and music in libraries and other places just to try make people happy.
the is an example of a controversial book that many people believed to be offensive to their religious beliefs.
also, statistics show that nearly of students use to.
i think computer are very helpful for everyone around the world.
when ever someone wants to go buy a book about safe sex, it should not be denied to them because the library does not allow it.
on the other hand, are some books offensive to readers.
although many people think that a certain book is appropriate, others disagree.
you could learn how to do things or learn more information about a certain item.
thank you for your time.
i belive other people in the world should do the same thing.
this is a positive effect on people because the more you know the better.
they are also helpful because they solve problem that humans might have trouble with.
facts show show that of families in the have distant friends with , now all of these people can tlk to each other!
there are some people who collect butterflies as a body.
they probably rather hear wire then.
people shouldn't have bad because of this negative effect: computers.
computers also teach you how to set you fingers on the home row for the keyboard.
if this something is said and we don't like it we find the urge to rid the of to '' other people from it.
in fact, i became re connected with a lot of people i didn't talked to in a long time by getting email.
computers affect people because they keep humans away from civilization.
i rely on my computer so much that i would be lost without it and i would get half as much done.
the is unsafe and pointless.
also what if you need to do reasearch on for school?
hey coumptors how would you your new paper.
some of you say 'well there to young they cant hanndle these things yet.'
lastly, due to the rising demand of computers, companies typically rely on computers for jobs.
you can find what you need in minutes, and you can talk to your friends online just remember even computer report said "" me its much easier
therefore i think that computers harm people and effect them in ways they do not realize.
playing computer games, and online poker sounds fun right?
why would you want any of those things to happen, when its so easy to just back on your computer time.
when we walk along the road, we meet many of them.
then again it influence them in a fantastic way.
don't use computers for stupid reasons.
a computer can store what you learn too.
there are many sick people in the world, and many of them use the internet to find people.
a teary-eyed says, " since wife died, daughter has been only companion.
most young adult books have something to do with teens, drugs, violence, and other things that would come off as offensive.
there is never a way to know if its safe to talk to other people on the internet.
alway be careful, computers are not as they seem.
when you are struggling with homework a computer is a great resource.
computers are a very good thing for kids to have.
this same technology saves lives every day and alows us to create better technology.
you wouldn't beleive much weight he lost.
people need to get out side and get more active.
if it wasn't for computers we would really know as much as we do now.
dear of the daily, i am writing you to address the issue of computers in our society today.
however, it captivates my mind beyond other dimensions.
childrens and up to adult books has all different kinds of things.
don't you chat with people online?
overall, being able to communicate through computers is an enjoyable thing for many people, and is important to society today.
i just did not like them ok?
but that doesn't mean they should take out the book because one person finds it offesive.
i believe that any of the things in the libraries that have unappropriate things in them should be censored or removed from the public view.
there is also less and less face-to-face interactions with family and friends.
first off, computers teach hand-eye coordination.
its easy to see why adults think kids dont read enough however kids get more than enough reading done on the computer.
they help teach hand eye cordination.
from going to college online when you don't have the time to go in person to just talking to your friends.
i think this for simple reasons, , you gain computer skills, which can help in other situations.
at the same time both father and son dip their cokie into a glass of milk, eat it and laugh.
without the compuuter there is no worldwide web witch is connected to everything in this world.
i take a bath, dress up and then i eat my breakfast.
among all other ties, friendship brings immens joy in our life.
for all she knows, the people could be living in igloos.
in case, both 'person one' and 'person two' are allowed have a right to say and think what they feel about the text.
doctors say thay cant do any thing about peoples weight unless they turn off all of there computers witch they dont think is possible.
in conclusion i feel like i am nuatral about the subject.
students can be encouraged to do some kind of social work during holidays.
that way your child can't get back on till thier next time.
instead of having games that are bad for the brain most compuer games are not.
you also don't get good grades at all!
even though i learn and spend time to watch how it's done i get hurt and can't do it.
of communication on the billions of people who have 't you rather talk to the person on the phone or talk face to face?
finally computers help use get information.
in endemic areas people are prepared.
you can also customize your computer to your liking.
is very true.
as you can see there are many advantages as well as disadvantages.
surprisingly, another thing you can do is work online by setting it up at work or telling your boss how to do it.
you will get a the .
one person thinks is bad, another not.
on their pages, they should have posted homework, quizzes/tests schedule, favorite links, projects, and their e-mail address.
and you can do this anyone, anywhere, at any time!
people could see where something is, locate it, or learn about the place.
they can help contact friends and family from all over the world.
the first reason was computers have a bad effect on people is it can really hurt your eyes.
we not even be able to communicate with some others.
i should i tried it before.
in that case we could not send aid to the area.
doctors use computers all the time to notife other doctors that something wrong with a patient or give a visual of the bereathing.
i think people should be open to new things and understand that not everyone likes the same things.
and if someone was allowed to censor things, what would be included?
i never really thought about how much i don't talk to them anymore because i'm to busy cyberly chatting with friends.
it eases your mind to be absorbed in something.
i also have many friends.
on his computer and haven went outside.
they would start a conversation with you like they would ask you for your name and where you live.
a recent of a computer.
really bothers me, because when i was their age i had no idea what even was or meant.
you swing that bat and hit yourself a homerun!
he is very helpful to all.
materials should not be censored in libraries beacuse they are found offensive becuase is censorship and it takes away our rights.
its impossible to type an essay without a computer.
computers are wonderful things, but when it starts affecting your health and physical fitness, they are enemies.
obviously as a result there should be something done about this computer concern.
he stopped coming home and tucking me in, and i didn't understand why, being as young as i was.
children who are addicted pay no attention to their surroundings.
this is also not a health relationship with family members.
if we are lucky to have a noble friend, he will save us from all our depressions.
you want to go and look you your favorite hockey player?
i understand that people enjoy the books and music that once terrored me, but i think there should be something done about it
they also learn more and more facts about the sociatis.
moreover, computers crash or don't allow use computer documents because these viruses.
it's very simple and could potentially stop all debates on whether or things need to be consored.
despite the pain or irritation this is a type of learning i would welcome in libraries.
a library has to be the worst place for people not liking things.
this is the way i thank it should have been done in the farist place.
to me the computer is the same step forward as the light bulb was.
kids every where log on and don't log out unless the parent of the child makes them.
when saked, out of managers of local business said they would have someone who could type, over someone who couldn't.
in conclusion, being online too much has an effect on everybody and
the local people were very friendly.
the more you'lll put it.
i, for one, do not approve.
most importantly, you can have fun.
people today rely on being able to speak their minds to be apart of their government.
the driver of the red car seemed to have not lost faith either.
a local library in a persons commuinty will have many books to read and to choose from.
in summarization, computers have a positive effect on people.
for example, instant messaging.
the last reason being if we all just removed thing we dislike the world wouldn't be the way it is.
comuters are powerful machines, and can be used completing otherwise menial and boring tasks.
instead they should be doing more exercise, doing more outdoor activity's, and most importantly spending more time with family and friend's.
one time i played on the computer for two whole hours and gained two pounds.
i picked that detail because if you get up off the computer and exercise your bones will become weak.
there are many good details why computers are good for the society.
by using censorship you are sheltering the world.
all you have to to is open a link a ""bamm"" they're right there!
they need to have more than one copy of a book if they fight over one book.
some of the most interesting books that i have ever read are offensive in some way.
as a newpaper company, you obviously know about our of .
, you wouldn't want to take away our main source of enteratinment, would you?
in addition, stores sell clothes online now so mother and daugther can sit down together and shop without leaving the house.
if it is winter, the least kids could do is go sledding.
if adults want to learn something new all they have to to is search it on the computer.
i shall take an interest in my work.
it is important that only people are allowed to see material that is appropriate for them
i will talk about why i disagree with this statement.
do you really want to act that way to your family?
instead of leaving home they can be cooking, doing yoga, or speaking a new language all from their computer at home.
most children will look at these books and think that the books are to big to read, so they would not even look at them.
computers are the worlds most knowledgeable teachers.
they should also shouldn't get rid of something just because they themselves aren't fond of it or find it offensive.
computers are a great way to talk to someone.
imagine this: you're up at bat in a baseball game.
people should be out with each other when they talk not talking throught a machien.
it would get annoying if every time we wanted to talk to someone of three things would happen without computers.
in your so you and your family members don't loose time, exercise time, or friends.
finally, people aren't enjoying their lives they would rather be on a computer than doing stuff they like.
she is saying that if one person is allowed to remove a book, then anybody else would be able to have that ablitiy as well.
as said before there would be no books for anyone to read if everybody removed what they felt was offensive.
if they were a true friend then they would understand and perhaps make it up to you with something else.
having a , , or account allows you to chat with people all over the world.
thank you for reading my paper.
so be responsible.
little kids become teenagers, teenagers because young adults who eventually become adults.
no wonder so many people like computers!
and that is all done with computers.
it has changed the way we do almost everything today.
it would be great if some how the system could be improved, and people need to be more responsible.
i grew from reading 's masterpiece- it tought me a lot about where the has been and how far it has come with acceptance of other races.
everyone has a different personality and different perspective, there is no need to ban a book for everyone when we are all different.
they're quicker than books and it's easier to search for a of resource an the .
but there are people who have fears which prevent them from travelling to different places.
take my freind for example.
we have a pair of kidneys.
people use computers to shop on-line, check times for movies, and talk with friends.
but by using the computer you can find endless information about , and you could finish that essay in a day if you wanted to.
then the cultural program started.
as you can see, on even a less global level of use, the computer still proves to have a positive effect on its users.
well i hoped you readers.
we need to show them that we know what they doing.
is the best electronic tool created by the world"" a profesor in .
bringing it into your room and shutting the door, is the most common way.
third, there are so much games and places to go like myspace, facebook and even twitter and much more.
its not so hard to decide to censor something when its only your opinion.
believe it or not, using a computers is unhealthy, and not beneficial, in more than one way.
why not just call or meet up with person, instead of using the computers?
you can also go onto one of the 's of websites for school help, or check how the stock market is doing.
i belive that all books, music, movies, magazines, and everything else has a right on a library shelf.
so even taking away one book could make a kid learn one less thing.
see your answer might be different from the person sitting right next to you.
i can think of alot of reasons why we need certain materials.
she runs very fast and wins.
another great thing about them is that you can communicate with them.
if you don't go outside there will be no fresh air for you.
did you ever need to know something about another place, or maybe want to see your baby cousin who is not a baby anymore?
but what if one of your family members is on the other side of the world?
books or movies depict how life was years or even centuries ago; morals were different a while ago from what they are now.
why not?'
some people with seizures including myself would trigier an attack and cause us to space out.
just one computer can enlighten you with so much.
dont you want good hand-eye coordination too?
suddenly spoke and said, ' are people so cruel?'
clearly, computers can be very helpful and can help your hand - eye cordination.
another thing they might do go to a website that could help them find affordable .
if you already know what parts of the library have stuff children shouldn't see, don't bring your child to that area.
it gives you hand-eye coordination give people info on faraway places.
my second reason is when people have nothing to do.
and i want on .
we should make a thorough study before starting a business.
humility is a good habit.
as you can so clearly see, i am by no means claiming to be open-minded to others thoughts or beliefs.
others prefer looking at it which would anger them if they were taken away.
i want the libraries to think this over ; because it is not fair to adults or older children.
what do you do then?
another reason to keep all books in the library is to be informed of history.
is the new generation of mean.
it would take you twice the time to do that by hand then with a computer.
to use computors, or not to.
computers don't actually hinder exercising, all it takes is good judgement to get off that chair and exercise.
playing sports can also help you get stronger.
this would result in a in high grades.
the best part is you can research anything even if its like a million miles away.
if children were put into a different section, they wouldn't even notice the offensive things adults find.
he is sincere and regular in his work.
those are probably the most important things that should most likely used for the computer.
so computers lets us do anything and everything.
were made it so your basically always within minutes of a teacher.
so nothing should be banned and just keep it and everything will still be the same.
when these two topics are analyzed, it is so simple to eliminate unreliability and danger of the computer.
and they waste time and are distractions.
so why don't you encourage your family to sit down at the table and discuss how your day went.
all your doing is staring at a screen.
and when you had in you mysteriously find you other paper that you finished and lost and makes you so angry.
another example is ""youtube.""
gives people more information coming from more people.
it was a great experience for me.
we can narrow down our options so easily because you can search for something so specific.
some people have to go to thearapy so they can stop going on the internet.
the air seemed to lingere for miles.
one essential right that every man, woman, or child should have is the freedom of speech.
this light helps us to study at night.
also to, the only nature they're experiencing is pictures online and not enjoying the full beuty of what we have left of out earth.
the computer has many ways that you can write that paper & now it will be very helpful.
the computer today is such a great thing to have in your house.
how can you tell someone that they are not good enough based on your specific beliefs?
like for me i won't like my kid read offensive things because they will start doin the same things so libraries do something about these on offensive things.
like the saumel woodpecker or even owl.
reason as why is that people arent enough sleep, less time excersizing, and less time interacting with friends and family.
just because the student chooses this topic, does not mean that he or she supports it.
are kids reading or watching this stuff?
as technology advances, humans are relying on them more and more; most people use them daily.
you might ask hao a screen and a keyboard can make learning easier, sounds crazy, but its true!
the computer is very advanced and helps people in many different ways, such as: hand-eye cordination, learning and being able to talk online.
i saw the separation between the poor and the rich when i lookes from humble sharks along the river to the portentous, eregant edifices scraping the sky.
computers have positive effects on people for educational reasons and for a new way to develope skills.
trust me, you'll be glad you did.
a recent study done at showed that of kids older than already know how to type on a keyboard.
just log on and change the price from the luxury of your own home.
computers are too expensive to have to keep.
with things like facebook and , i can chat with people, invite friends over, and even plan parties.
the only similarity between the , and other deadlier addictions is that they are addicted, and become grumpy if asked to stop. ""
you can get pictures some important cities and places, and some knowledge on the people who lies there.
i say that computers have a more positive effect on people.
the book should not be put away, for there are also books that will be all about your beliefs.
without a doubt chatting online is a great way to use the computer during the time your on it.
how often do you find a book or a magazine that you don't want children or someone to read?
could use it for related could use it for .
but you have to go shopping.
having a computer can make you have lazy behavier, can you from being indoors, and can you inside so you dont hang out with family and friends.
now, can you educate someone from letting the person listean, read , or watch about something offensive or etc..?
so computer help the community.
the only place to get millions of songs free for oyur ipod or phone is on the computer.
our life and property are safe because of the policeman.
this leads to anger problems then they stop listening to you.
none of these books really seemed offensive.
between , twitter, email, googlebuzz, myspace, oovoo, skype and gamesradar, there are lots of ways to talk to friends and meet new people.
such as word.
parents of the children that have computers should be more worried than anyone else and if they are , they should just take the computer away.
why do we build schools and take much trouble to examine children in what they have learned?
you use facebook, , or any other type of social networking site?
that sums it up on.
shop owners should be able to sell whatever they want in order to make a living.
my friend has a little brother that is always playing games on the computer.
libraries are meant to be a place of learning and they should be kept that way.
who knows, it will definetly be an experience, for sure.
another reason is that you can communicate online for free.
however, that child's parent or guardian is the only one who has the right to restrict resources they feel as inapropriate.
i don't understand why they say this.
it helps them with imformation that they need.
one reason would be not get exercise going on the computer all day, you will only get worse.
so computers do have a positive effect on people.
no, because people likes different books, movies, music, and magazines.
he goes to his office at eight thirty in the morning and returns home at seven in the evening.
they can video chat, talk, look at peoples pitchers and keep updated with them on the computer.
finally it allows people to talk online with other people.
please read on to understand my reasons.
for example, just recently the occured and they usualy go late into the night so i didn't get to see the whole competition.
i am a student here at , and it has come to attention that the is thinking about taking books they find offensive out of the library.
breathing in some fresh, natural air can really calm a stressed child out.
i think that these are all very important.
everyone in our neighborhood was out and trying to help put off the fire with water and sand.
but the teens and younger adults like that kind of music and enjoy listening to it.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion they take time away from exercising.
there are millions of books and other media in libraries all across the world.
in some schools, they have really big books for different classes that they need to bring home.
would be much more difficult.
i all ways tell peolple to mean what you say and say whay you mean.
day was in the library with the rest his class, assigned to researching his topic in a book.
thinks this is a vauables tool for talking with our family, and i am sure that htere are many ohters who use the computer this way as well.
in a survey taken in magazines should that of people, have negative effects with computers.
i have alot of family members that only get up to go on the computer or play video games.
many computers that people have they use it everday right?
there are much less people outside.
computers have a positive effect on people.
surprisingly many of the libraries do and i do not think that they should be alouded to, since it is not aimed just for adults.
dear , people use computer all over the world, for one reason or another, but they are very necessary in our world.
says is very entertaining but is not brain damaging.
if people were to have these currently illegal drugs for their use, being completely legal, chances are that the success of drug marketing will plummet.
also you might need to look up some information about a certain topic.
plagourism is happening all over the world, people just take whatever they want, when they did not create .
if someone was an athelte they might not find a book about cooking and cleaning very appealing.
i hope that everything i have fare travel can serve a purpose to someone who has not been able to find way benefits to technological advances.
i dont need to turn on the and wait throve .
at anytime about billion are on some sort of electronic device.
well those are my thoughts on rather or not you should remove materials that some people find offensive.
if you talk oline you can figure out what was homework or whens the meeting or the time the party starts.
my final reason of why computers have positive effects is that they help people to be more social.
another thing is people learn to take care of things a computer is worth a lot of money.
those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
the ove useage of computers is a huge problem.
i will admit i too use my computer quite a bit but at least i budget my time so i can also go outside and play a while.
most adults beileve that computers are just awaist of time and are somtimes can be addicting or bad for health.
very beautiful sight.
such buisnesses are corporate like are starting to see the brilliance in using computers in their company.
this is because now that they less people feeling less squirrels live in the , went live in the to find food by themselves.
you can google the book and find an online copy of the book, so you make the grade on that paper.
three i shouldnt affect your daily schedule in anyway.
this is my second reason why i think omputers have a postive effect on people.
unfortunately most aren't getting outside for a wack of exercise due to computers.
this book to some would be very offensive beacuse of the fact it has the word nigger in it one-hundered and twenty-seven times.
this one is a sort of spear against the devil of carelessness.
the computer also has chess to help build stragety.
do you think that any material from the library should be taken off the shelf just because someone or a couple of people think its offensive or terrible?
today it seems like the world is held together by technology and i think computers are at number one. ""
well i don't i think is on easier way to get information faster.
americans have the right to be free, so does a library.
i bet there would be a lot less droma to but i dont know.
books seem offinsive to people but to others there prospective is a lot different.
it was early in the morning when we started for the forest.
all he did for almost a week was socialize and beat his personal best score on a game.
moving on, people can literally get their lives taken away with computors too.
the more they play these games the more they pull away from everyone they knew and loved computers are a leading cause in disfunctional families.
all the websites like that help you stay in touch with all of your friends.
that's life though and not everyone has th same outlook on it.
those movies are rated for a reason.
keeping a persons attention is critical.
when i have a school project on a famous person or somewhere in the world i know that the computer will give me more information than a book.
so we decided to go to the zoo.
for example, many people have different intrests than others.
i know you be thinking that people don't need to keep in touch with their families all the time but it makes them happier.
libraries located in schools do not even offer this material because they know that the majority of the readers' for their library are students.
there is a much easier solution that censoring those books.
my last but not the least reason is kids should be outside playing instead of being on the computer.
and sometimes u no u been on it for to long when ur eyes started to hurt.
no, i think that if a person is offended by it then they should not get it.
the growing mind and body needs to move and exercise.
what ever happened to playing an endless scoth with side walk chalk and fresh?
thank you for listening.
also we could look at places we never saw before and if you want to get some where you can go the computer to do that.
i think computers have a postitive affect on people.
i believe that it is unfair to ban ony sort of materials from the library.
let's say a girl doesn't have a computer, her parents think that computers spoil children, their technology spoil children.
you have to mete fun.
also your computer might not be working all the time, but your family and friends always will be there.
apparently it has gotten to the point where people would have the books censored or have them removed the libraries completely.
for example i'm a lvl.
but if the childrens look somewhere else to find those things then they will find them anytime.
censorship in a library should not be allowed.
according to .com, the average adult gets about to viruses a year.
they can evan loose intrest.
talking from myspace or yahoo and other website that you could talk to tiferent people that you met trew the wed.
you can see hotels or anything you want to if you want to go on vacation.
my third and last reason is their job.
so removing these books would be pointless because where ever you put them people will just go there to get the material they want to know about.
this is more efficie, they care i very convinient for the average person.
have you become a better person for doing so?
spendign too mcuh time on computers affects your activity level.
how many of you have ever heard any offensive language?
yes some games can be really entertaining, but you don't have to spend all day playing them.
everyone has the right to read any book they want to.
creating a link all around the world people can find out information about one another and learn what they are all about.
in conclusion techniques like exersizing and interacting with family and friends can help you stay off the computer.
don' because they exspecing there self's.
after eating to the fill and filling my pockets with mangoes.
learning new things can only be interesting if you can actually see them.
go and talk to them in real life.
but in my oponion i the people should reduce their usage of computers.
this has become a problem.
they teach hand eye coordination and help me in ping-pong.
computers are benefitial to our new up & coming society!
so what if they teach hand eye cordination they don't teach us how to stay fit!
taking away computers would drastically impact every day life.
computers though not only cause safety issues, but health issues also.
do you know how many trees are cut down a day around trees and they are all not imeditly taken to the mills to be turned into paper.
some beggars act as spies.
they have recent events that happen around the country and around the world.
all those thing are some positive benefits people have computers.
i have relized that there as been a disagreement about computers the positive and negative effects on people.
maybe a minute later there is a suicide bombing that you might like to know about or the stock might go up one-hundred points or go down one-hundred points.
sure it might hurt, depress, or even aggrivate some people but it also fills you with knowledge on the past.
know being safe is important.
exesive computer use ruins the environment, and hurts your health!
that is so important because a computer could do a lot.
this machine is a beautiful invention please don't take away!.
no one every told him.
also the internet has vertual simulations so you can experence what it was like in other coultures, in other time pericals.
for example, wanted to wish this but when he looked online he saw how just had an earthquake so he changed his plans this .
infinite amounts of information can be found on your computer. ""
if we didn't have computers more and more people would not have jobs.
have you ever moved and wanted to talk to a friend from where you previously lived?
those are my reasons why the effects computers have on people are not good.
lets say that you are not a doctor but have discovered a cure for the common cold by using iteams find in everyone's households.
the movies that are rated '' are for the people who shouldn't be watching it yet like kids under the age.
parents who are concerned about their child watching/reading something, always have the right to tell them no, and to keep whatever it is out of their grasp.
why can't i?'.
when we find materials, like those listed before offensive outside of school, we stay away from them.
his daughters are students of class nine and seven.
the stores just put the products on the shelf to make money not to get you angry about what the products say.
they are going to learn and hear curse words.
first of all, you can get a better education learning from them, also, it is a great way to communicate with people.
dear newspaper , even though there are good effects of computers on people, there are also many bad effects.
there's many different reason why, but removing something because of someone else's opinion isn't right.
dear newspaper i strongly agree with experts on computer's.
i think there should be certain areas and age limits for certain materials a person could find in library.
i think it a great thing you look for people in the computer because you could talk to them and see them it realy cool.
some books in libraries offended some people.
each person has had topics that offend them but the libraries can not make all happy.
to help us catch criminals.
it is a great pleasure for me to see my flower garden every morning.
the computer evryone that goes it which is uneceptable.
do you want to be the one to crash your car because you have bad hand-eye coordination?
people should stop spending so much time on the computer and get outside or get active because computer use does have a negative effect.
i was thinking to myself that oh well i am young and i will eventually learn in the long run from what is good and what is bad
maybe one day you will even get to see those specific places in person.
are some rare examples.
this is because she types and researches information all day long.
with all these hours wasted in the virtual world, people are lacking in exercise, leading to many problems.
how could a railway be worked without order?
typing is an important skill that you need for most jobs.
you want to do as you can so you have that at.
as you can cleary see going on the computer really isnt the healthyiest choice to go.
as i conclude this letter, i can only hope that i persuated you to make a stand and hault this technological advancement.
they also help us be different and more creative people.
being active has no limit, but technology does.
the soldier is a fighter.
good for being neat and lastly good for reaserching anything!
i think that librarys shouldn't have certain books due to racism, violence, and etc.
you can learn a lot from computers.
let's say you have libraries in your town, one library has one thing the other doesn't have.
many people have been very thankful for this system.
the right to choose what book they read is one that should not be taken.
think of it this way, it has magnetic forces that pull people to it and keep them for hours.
he looks after us and also takes care of the school garden.
for example, some of the amazing things the computer are; teach hand-eye coordination.
oh sure, says sue sarcastically.
my third reason is that it help adult connect to different places at the world.
what one person loves, another hate.
another positive fact about computer is that you can find all the information you need and fast.
they provide pictures, stories, and actual videos of whats happening right now.
although some experts want people to use computers less, that technology is required in schools.
a good neighbor is a blessing.
computers help us learn a lot about, just about, everything.
but exams are needed to test the knowledge.
second, you can get misspell words using instant messenger.
it also allows us easy information to help write the essays.
i feel like music shouldn't really have an affect on diffrent races, unless it is purposley made for the reason of making fun of people.
the government and society does not have the right to decide what people take in.
for example, most schools have their students use computers for research.
people drink camels’ milk.
but bad books poison our minds.
also they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
did you know that most kids communicate online now.
make imaginations become real and just enjoy what natures about.
also some kids don't live near family so they e-mail each other on-line.
says that of all people in the intere world are spending to much time on the and not enjoying nature.
lastly, if you are a parent and you are too much in a computer, won't you feel bad if something happend with your son/daughter?
he should get up early.
first of all, computers help with a child's schoolwork.
finally, it is a good fool.
you didnt even say that seismologist use computers to traet the shifting of the tectonic plates to see where the epicenter of a major earthquake is?
computers can help people meet new people online.
if i had a library i would sell just about anything i could.
to restate, i beleve that computers have a negitive affect on todays people aroung the world.
would you want to keep things like that in your libraries?
the library could also put a warning on it if they think the content of the material is too harsh.
inside the museum, he showed me many things.
lastly, i have to say computers are just fun to use.
today, many libraries have a variety of books, movies, music, and magazines to choose from.
there are many great activities you can do such as reading a book.
since the computer of tree cutting has stopped.
not every writer is going to want to write about butterflies and rainbows.
the time has come to decide the choice of using computers would deffinetly be a wise one.
there are all kinds of fun games you can play, and some even let you compete with other people around the world.
the first reason being what maybe offensive to you not be to someone else.
is on increasing amount or teenagers throught the who are playing on the computer too much.
although computers are hurting them by, the screen being too bright and hurting your eyes.
in my oppinion if you dont like it then dont read it.
he had various points in support of his belief.
many different poeple come across this issue and are many different views on the topic.
in fact, nearly of people have an account on a computer of a public website live , , or .
last we can talk to other people.
they to, might have to look up things for a meeting they might have, or a buisness that they might have to work with.
you can read and write with out using a single sheet of paper.
there are meth labs all over for meth.
this would inform the reader more on what he is about to engrossed in for the next week or so.
he had told me stories about various animals.
well thats all i have to say thanks for reading
the computer can explain cultures from any where in the world.
you need a computer if your teacher require you to type things.
kids and adults both go on computers.
now what will you why you that side.
with computers you can check every hour on the hour if you like.
if you don't have a job how can you pay for electrity bill for your computer?
these are all things that parents want to keep away from their children in order to keep them safe.
not many like going out and enjoying nature.
so please be on my side so we can show the public that computers are social!
they already have a childrens section if a child looks in a inappropiate book outside of the childrens section then its thier fault.
if they limit their time on the computer and do some active game it would be better for the child.
i hope you agree with my opinion and think computers are usefull an also good for people.
if they start taking out big parts of history, it will be long lost and forgotten.
personally, i think that there is a difference between vulger and inappropriate items in a public library versus a school library.
if there are no computer it would crush everybody dream and future.
society will only cheat itself of the world's splendor while watching it on screen.
also, business would be slow because they wouldn't have the information they needed.
dear , computers are a great way to learn about the world and its people.
as you know, education is one of the most important things in anyone's life.
wasting the time they could be improving homework or walking the dog the time is not bring donated to a good source.
so, computers have a awesome effect on people's lives!
this relieves many people when they know your not there.
helps with hand-eye coordination, concentration, memorization, and problem solving.
she would spend all day and all night on it.
as a result, many are suffering from various physical and mental disorders.
if we could, when people are checking out these books, movie, magazines, etc.
moreover, computers be portable.
every years my dad takes me to the track in and times me for and yard dash, the meter, and the mile.
lastly, the leading argument against is the people don't get enough exercise because they are always on the computer.
the slim margin of people who dislike what those people enjoy can just avoid reading, watching, or listening to it.
other people think that the computer is very helpful.
it can cause us to be anti-social, and lastly, not allow us to enjoy the beautiful nature that surrounds us.
his father is very kind and religious.
they have childrens books to adult books.
not all censorship has to do with sex.
i read alot of urban books because that's i enjoy.
another reason that the internet is helpful is for jobs.
if you are to take away or ban a certain book from the shelf, than what would the author who wrote the book think?
my grandmother takes care of our garden.
my friends blew on whistles when i cut the cake.
with a cellphone you have to buy the phone and pay the bill every month.
being able to talk to other people over the internet is very useful and fun.
i helps you speak correctly and clear.
some kids will look back to these days wondering how much time they wasted on nothing.
after going around the zoo, we came out and sat under a tree.
lastly, and maybe even most importantly, computers are on enormous source of knowledge.
they are the then now and later of the technical world.
i would improve the academic performance of all the students.
likewise, if a twenty-one-year-old, careless male read the exact same book he would probably enjoy its content.
your back can get straigher from all time you are sitting.
if your teacher gave you a last minute writing essay on that was do in a week, what would you do?
besides making live communication easier, computers also help to communicate news, weather few weeks ago, the the home was out.
mostly everyone would like to meet people.
its a proven fact that the less time you spend watching tv or on the computer you get better grades.
wouldn't you want to make the honnor role in your school?
doctor brown says everyone should go outside to just relax mostly everyday because staying in the house is not good.
if you want to look at naked provakadive stuff then go to a sex store.
censorship in movies is also growing.
since they are on the computer alot they seem to ignore their health.
thank you for listenging.
for example, they do taxes, paperwork, airline tickets, and the bank.
computers have made an extremely large impact and changed our ways of life for the better!
they help bring people together, provide entertainment and have very useful information.
maybe a bad break up causes someone to make a song.
in the desert, people feed camels with grass, grains wheat and oats.
this can lead to obesity or other weight issues.
but in the case of libraries, all the books would have to be taken off the shelves.
i use my computer for homework alot like for project or if i dont know what the subject is about.
today the agricultural department provides the necessary instructions for paddy cultivation.
advancements in technology are very practical and have a positive effect on those fortunate enough to have a computer.
a material should only be removed if and only if that material offends an over ruling majority of people.
it also tells you how to treat it and where to find the medicine.
what happens when someone says the bible is offensive.
if you guy were to take computers away every one would be grumpy all the time.
an average houshold spends on computers in a lifetime.
one of many problems people are fased with while using a computer are freazing, when doing a project and your computer frezz's can be verry time consumming.
that is the law, and i believe this is a good thing.
when you just eat and don't excersise your body will not just burn off all that fat you ate.
rice is the staple food in all the asian countries.
they let you explore the world in one click and chat with your friends.
some people become beggars due to their bad conduct and behavior.
or you can chat with old school friends from back in the day.
the most important function of the computer is education.
on the occasion of the fair and big meeting he maintains peace by applying for law and order.
people all over the world have different interests in differtent subjects.
which can only lead to a promotion!
it helps people things such as allow people to talk to each other, goin skills from playing games, and it has images and it is easier.
i believe people should not be able to censor books.
they should have talked to the girl and said it was unfair to ask that when everybody reads it.
you find something offensive but it might not be to someone else.
i say this because, what be offensive to one person not come close to being offensive to another.
the policeman uses force if there is a danger to the lives of citizens.
people spend too much time looking up beautiful place and animals when they could easily go explore around outside!
computers have a positive influence on people.
i once watched a movie of a man who despised computers and new technology.
also you can look up the answer online, the internet is a beautifully smart device.
thank you for your time, and i hope you take what i have said into consideration.
dear - , i strongly suggest that people do not spend as much time on computers as they do comently.
this communication element is very important just like how they will help for the future.
it sells delicious cakes and cookies.
dear local newspaper, "" people have any viruses in there head?""
without the , a simple reasearch project could take for months.
if you were traveling somewhere and wanted to find out more about that place you could search it on the internet.
computers are everywhere you can find one at school, home, a cafe or even on your cell phone.
i know it majorly helps people keep in touch globaly, but there are other ways to do it, such as mail.
people have the right to change things if they believe they are wrong.
it dosen't effect at all because i still exercise a play with my friends very often, like everyday.
dear local newspaper, name is and writing to talk to you about how computers benefit society.
if a family member is in the service somtimes talking on the computer is the only chance they get to commnunicate with their loved ones back home.
and computers can help you prevent those things that are bad for you by showing you ways to use computer that won't harm you.
yes, being on the computer definitely has a bad side.
we can find what is healthy to eat right away you can also get one of those fits for a computer.
dear local newspaper, people are talking about computers and what it does to us.
to have that in a school public library what is that teaching kid's?
we use that to talk to our friend and family.
my seocnd reason is kids might have to look important things on.
all of us have rights, all of us have the same chance to express what we feel, think or believe.
even better to a family member.
people rather play on computer that got exercise for a healthy body.
most important i would make people smarter the computer teaches you hand eye corrdinations for free.
if you like that song go on , , lymewire, of any other store to and download to your or .
he that "" of his job is using a .
in my opinion can help so much and would be the right idea to go cheer out today.
she make tons of money.
reading a book about drugs will only prevent things like that from happening.
is just like cencoring someones imaginationa and creativity.
say you're doing a school project about a country.
i found that quite ridiculous when i heard about it.
now how easy was that, thats one of the great impacts computer have made on us, humanity.
as you can see, computers are incorporated into our daily lives.
you cant get a healthy meal if you eat chips & candy for hours.
people could be lying and you 't know it.
some people don't have the option of a library of ther isn't one near them.
another problem is lack of exercise.
is ready, a family member informs you; however, you don't respond because you enjoy the computer so much.
once youve found them, you can friend request them and become online friends.
not only is excersicing time headed down the drain, but our used to be "" beautiful"" nature is as well.
this helps you because if you are a kid you have a big project; you will be able to finish it on time.
he is not at all considerate.
as you can clearly see, computers have some benefits, but they have many disadvantages.
people like to kno
it is an efficient way to study or find information for school.
stop chatting, pause your game, take a break from your work, and go outside.
it allow's to go to other websites to find information to.
television gets boring and you just want to sit and play games on the computer.
it is always nice to greet a father, a mother, or even distant cousin online were you can see how much they have grown.
he is a true friend and a sincere guide to the students.
in my opinion i think that computers have nothing to do with people having lack of exercise or sleep.
to a so you dont loose everything if your computer shuts down.
some say computers are not good because people are not enjoying nature.
people around the world but you would think that anybody would play video game on the computer and have free time?
have you ever heard of online colleges?
, who trains the air force weighs in on the effects of computers.
the people were crying “fire”!
that way the people who like that kind of stuff can still get to it but the children can not.
this is a common scenario.
as you know it your child could be going threw, the same terible things as me.
well, thats a great way of winding down on a rough day.
out kids use the internet to research things for & projects.
second, they help people communicate with people from other areas.
dear readers' the local newspaper, i am almost certain you interact daily with computer.
we as members of the are already in enough trouble as it is with all our financial troubles and what not.
now please read on for my second reason.
this is my opinion on computers, i hope you agree.
then you will love the .
for me personally, and i know many others, interaction would be impossible without these modern manuals.
they are helpful for getting your local weather.
its on the shelves for basically one reason, to drownd us in the knowledge it holds.
there are also websites that can help you learn about the place you'll be staying at as well.
these people want there libraries to be about learning and be a healthy eviornment were young minds can grow naturaly and unharmed by offensive material.
there are many reasons why censorship is pointless and wrong.
katherine paterson's quote is about wanting to remove books from the shelves so that childern won't be tempted to read them.
should we beable to have the right to take a book, magazine, movie etc.
if someone does not approve of a movie or something, they can search another shelf.
with the modern technology that is provided with the computer, people can instantly send messages to co-workers or friends in a matter of seconds.
they don't have to read,watch,or listen to it.
first of all a oerson doesn't go to the library to get offended.
libraries should keep the materials cause the people of the world should know how it feels to be offended.
of complain that they rarely enjoy what life has to take on the outside of your house.
two computers are good for you.
libraies has a graphic selection of movies that are easily in the reach of young children.
all people of have certain rights allowing them to express themselves and to be free.
we use computers to purify water.
i don't think that many people would enjoy that.
now you'll see it's time you get a computer rather than never have the experience.
computers open the world to new people & places & limmiting that is uncalled for.
and learly, if pieces like that are being produced, people read it.
the world wide web, unlimited socialization and simulations are just a few of the benefits of computers.
contrary to the counter-arguments belief, a computer can actually aid in our social life.
call me and we will talk this through.
we should have censorship, but it shouldn't be so stricked when it comes to movies, music, and books.
he said we should keep trying until we succeed.
also you lost all your friends contacts.
not only can you gain weight or lose weight just by being on the computer.
i know you have fun with sports or nature, but sometimes it is great to get great entertainment for yourself instantly.
this makes them miss out on alot of things.
you can go on and watch funny videos or go on and on you friends new photo album.
on a computer you can see a magestic places like beaches but you can't interact with them.
while people depend on food, they need a place for shelter.
it is not anyones fault that people find books, music, movies, magazines, etc., offensive to them.
already, of alone are over weight and that's alot of people.
computers is just a adicting technology that makes you lazy and slow.
the research from my computer gave me a great understanding on my topic and helped me to learned the basics of my topic.
in the technology is a huge part of society.
well, computers let people to that.
dear editor, i have recently seen on the channel news that you want to know about the.
the computer is very smart and is probably the best technology invented.
now after a couple yours of playing online my baseball, lacrosse and basketball skills have improved from playing online and practicing.
so, for those reasons, i think computers have a positive effect on people.
dear newspaper editor, have you ever been working on a paper, or reading something and theres that word you've never heard before?
nine out of ten people say that since they started going on the computer a lot, they have not gone outside or exercised in a while.
traveling is such a without a computer with out it you have to go to to buy tickets.
you go to the certain libraries in the world that doesn't allow certain people in because of their oponions on the selection of materials the library offers.
also, you can reconnect with friends that you can't see anymore.
that's not go for the little kid because if they keep going on the computers.
computers educate people about places all over the world.
every where you look people are using computers.
the fastes what we could do that is internet.
we then went to a nearby market.
wheather you relize it or not hand eye coordination is very inportent computers can improve hand eye coordination by .
definately not, they be offensive to some but not all.
thirdly computers help people paying there bills and with there mony.
they don't care if their kids are sitting on the computer eating all-day.
sometimes he carries heavy loads on his back.
well, with the computer and internet access, you can easily contact them through great social networks such as .
children need to have a hunger for knowledge to become great learners, and intellegent minds.
tons of commertials show avertisements for jobs online.
brain damage could be a serious problem that could be caused by something as simple as looking at a computer screen.
only a few of the games are interactive with other players and you can talk and make new friends.
it shows how dangerous it can be for kids to be using the computers so much.
without computers signs, flyers, bussinesses, and even newspapers would not be possible.
make some that have like cartoons in them and comics for the little kids.
we can grow as people from being offended or having offensive material brought to our attention.
i think they should'nt remove material from libraries if it's found offensive.
all libraries have books for all readers no matter the age.
and it can help you save a lot of money in your pocet.
so i don't think they should remove the books, music, movies, etc.
computers are a faster way to learn.
do you think it is right for young children to look at immages that are not appropiate or read something that is talking baout sexual content?
statistics show that of all children who are permitted to talk with friends, out of school stay off of drugs and promote a stronger education and grades.
why should books or other such ideas but lets get back to the subject.
the bridegroom was escorted to the throne-like-seat on the raised platform.
third reason that it give people the ability to learn.
i think that if censorship is controlled correctly it can become a powerful tool in any library, school, and even home.
dear , a world without computers.
also of expresion lets people do this to.
whaat can we do to fix this problem?
next the more we drive the more polution git in are atmisphier.
i agree that there are both good and bad effects to computers as well as most things in the world we live in.
i think they should all be aloud on the shelfs, minus any pornography.
dear local newspaper, i agree with the people that support advances in technology.
artists are now able to do things were now a new art form of video games has out artists do you like to express yourself do!
many people been buying them at or .
also you don't have to waste money on paper and envelopes.
libraries are places of knowledgee.
sometimes you just have to deal with things that you dont like or dont agree with sometimes.
libraries are already decreasing severly in their reveleance in the world.
you will never get or learn anything by pudurizing plus you will get than and get clicked.
some people want to get a high rank or position.
i believe this will help and reduce the problems in our liabaries.
the way that we get information from computers is just like the way our hands get information from our brain to move.
computers have brought us into the and have improved our society but they are harming our childrens health and education.
no because what if that family member or friend doesn't have a phone.
talking online to people you don't know and have never seen, met in person they can pose as someone famous and bully you for their enjoyment.
people need to interact with other people and the internet is a fantastic place to do that.
i think libraries shouldn't removed material from the shelves even thoug its offensive.
also, it depends on what what the ages the kids are or adults.
of today's jobs in require some kind of computer work.
little by little she started gaining weight.
our earth is one of them.
would you want to become obese, like through global warming, and/or to not interact with family or outside nature?
i can think of at least three different sites that have online games.
i think computers aren't that great because people use certain websites.
books were created by different people, who dont share the same views,who look upon life in a different way, whose voices arent all the same.
she flirted with him on and on, day after day until one day her friend logged on and found out the man was really and a pervert.
after the leap is taken, even ten looks may not be sufficient.
censorship is a growing problem is today's world of literature.
using the computer isn't as bad as people think.
most of those people are of age.
believes that the less time on the computer means more time on family vacations and with friends.
there you here hundreds even thousands of entries about the .
wouldn't you be more confident if you had ?
first, lets talk about obesity.
it gives you the to try something you enjoy what you get.
my dell laptop home takes about min to iload, sec to get on the internet, and sec to get to another webpage.
i would like to thank you for your time.
in the end, computers are great if used in regulation.
not only will you get information on the place you can also get directions.
it allows people to talk to family members that live far away, freinds, or sometimes buisness associates.
glance out the window and go back to texting on that laptop.
like me you can kill zombie hared or just do a quest or two, who cares 's in you hands have fun.
you see the struggle, the hurt, and the pain the family goes through as starts to walk with the monster, also known as .
to others the words are just offensive.
it doesn't change how you feel about the topic.
most of them be on it from the time they get off of work or out of school until it's time for them to go to bed.
those sites you have to use on.
so she went to her , hoping that she just have the anwsers.
communication is extremely important in our society; it brings families and friends closer together.
for example, you can teach hand eye coordition, and you can chat with online friends.
families that are separated because one have moved out of the house recently might want to communicate with one another, and because of computers, they can.
if a knife was you human nature world tell you to cover your head with your hands.
by making it attractive, a book-fair creates an awareness in those who don’t read habitually.
however a person without a laptop could be busy moving from place to place just to meet these people.
with the positive aspects there is always a negative.
that is why i think it is not right to spend all your time on the computer.
also now you can buy food on internet and lots more.
it is now or never, you would never know if you can be that man in the hospital with that cancer.
some say that you should just use a phone but you could use video chat on the internet.
that answer is yes.
i am pounds and in the best shape of my life and i even made by school's cheer team.
just to help you understand why in to teach hand-eye coordination, are so many that help you learn but help you learn will get you.
dont't ruin it for the others who enjoy the interesting fact of a male falling in love with a normal girl just like you and me.
she one reason why think computers are a positive impact on love and society.
then why can’t he understand that animals too don’t like such hurtful treatment?
but computers can be good or bad depending on how you use them.
every single time a visit to the internet occurs many different buisnesses are able to advertise their products and overall buisnesses with pop-ups, side bars and websites.
this means that you have to practice more to get better in typing.
or should the items containing these things be removed from the library's shelfing units?
the drains started overflowing with water.
i have reason it build skills, fast information and fun.
with all the different websites, you can advertise and buy important thing bat the internet and talk to people froma round the world.
but i do.
it's important to avoid stereotypes because those can be hurtful.
you have a ?""
therefore, my opinion is that is be one of the greatest inventions.
especially pertaining to what books, magazines, movies, and music almost all people are reading, watching, and listening to.
computers also help save paper because you no longer need to make large textbooks or use a different price paper when you make a writting mistake.
i trolly and sincerly do not belive that students should get computers.
wasn't mainly about sex.
you have the right to ask what certain music, books, or movies are like, and movies have ratings on the case.
i just think it personal wrong to say those kind of things in movies.
why watch an two hour show when you can just get to the point off whats happening in this world we live in.
sometimes your closest friends are across the country & you want to talk to them.
i can search up so many things to help a patient and keep all important information organized.""
i know some of the music that is being played can deprive the feelings of others.
that is why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
the music industry too many people think some songs are innapropriate but really that ruins the whole point of the whole entire song.
one girl sits by her computer doing homework.
is a waist of breath think again because it helps you to communicate with your friends.
you could just go sit at your computer, enter "" of the "" in a google search, and press enter.
the has designed a game so that you can have fun while getting excersize.
we need to change this habit.
does that conbersation sound familiar?
secondly, people spend too much time on the computer at home.
libraries everywhere should have most everything there is.next time your in a library, just use discretion
well computers these days have webcams.
so why would you make that mistake.
because black people find it offensive?
computers can be used to learn, communicate, and entertain.
my cousins saw an article about once and they thought it was amazing they learned a lot about the culture there and actually took a trip there!
education, people aren't on all day and a job are really good reason that computers should becept.
it is mainly the choice of the person to avoid these books if they truely find it offensive to themselves.
i found that horrible.
second of all, peop concentrate to much on the computer that they dont do homework or any school work.
but, computers arent just used for fun chating they can also be used for school blogs.
i hope you use wisey.
i never knew what it felt like or how did it feel.
another breathtaking adventure that you miss out on is hiking.
google and is all you need.
but, thanks to computers, my hand-eye coordination has gone up!
as students mature, homework is taken seriously.
don't get me away though games can be fun but when a child plays a game for hours a day there is a problem.
we need to know what is going on around us, all the time.
second kids and adults spend to much time on myspace, facebook, msm, and even aim.
people think they're good.
you can e-mail or webcam.
at least or more kids are obese from recent studies.
dear newspaper people, i think that the effects that computers have on us are good.
players should be fit, with strong arms and legs.
while my brother is inside all me and my friends are outside playing football, basketball, baseball, soccer, kirkball, and dogeball.
without books, movies, and music, what would the world be like today?
we are so fortonate, our town has at least two physical fitness buildings for anyone can attend instead of using the computer.
dear readers many people use computers but, not so many people think benefits society.
they make it easier to find information and typing skills.
the internet also allows you to learn about certain subject or events you might not have a book for.
there are help sites that can show and explain how to do your homework.
well im gonna just go ahead and explain them to you.
secondly you can interact with people on the internet in many ways.
almost every person in the world has said or done something wrong, but they learn from it.
sex, violence, and drugs are not what this world was made for
my friend, who is also reading the same book, could form a completely different opinon of the book.
a statics from the of states "" of people wpould love to experience the thrill and excitement of the lights.
if they do not want to buy or check these materials out then then they should just go to another shelf, or shop at another store.
it's a perfect way to stay in touch.
obesity can also cause heart attacks and infertility!
at my school, we used to have magazines like .
my friend was one of the captives of the computer.
please consider the risks and believe the facts because honestly, we are losing the chance to live and enjoy the world.
it flew higher and higher.
no for live but for our life or something .
but, my point is they should have to live up to the expectations of others, or the what's cool.
to click on something, you need to move the mouse while still looking at the screen.
i know of several people that think the harmless childs first book is trying to discriminate someone, or a race of people.
she feels like she has a friend in this book that can handle the situations with her.
furthermore, those who choose to spend overwhelming amounts of time on computers tend to interact less with family members.
, in , more and more of the newest technology is being brought out to the public.
consequently, what katherine paterson states is true.
you don't have to wait a week or so before they replay that episode.
the programs are constructed, then corrected and revised, then finally sent out all over the world.
they are also avoiding nature outside, and losing contact with family and friends.
if a people want to remove books, movies, music, magazines, and exetra then they will if they feel it is offensive to others.
if you miss someone or you just want to talk there is websites that let you do that.
this is great if you have family that lives far away, or your in a long distance relationship.
recently, i bought a webcam and have been chatting with him on it every week.
college students, teachers, and students from all over the world need a library with these kinds of books, movies, music, and magazines.
lastly you can use a computer write finds of letters.
just think without the computer facebook would have never been invented so i would have most likely lost touch with a good friend.
my last reason is that people that sit all day on a computer gain more weight.
actually are obese, with that number still rising.
have you ever set somebody a letter by mail and had to wait two to three days for a reply?
games are very adicting.
when you first meet someone in person, you most likely want to to say and how to act.
if everyone spent less hour on the computer, it would become out .
computers are very use-full, they help spread important information around fast and make it easy to talk to friends and family.
most people live meeting other people online.
we need to go outside and exercise.
i really think that anyone should be able to read the kind of books that they like.
like for instance if there was a missing child we know the description, so we could help find him or her.
ever consider what books get banned from the library?
i also think that some people ae addicted because you can search someone or .
on the internet you can also learn new resipys if you are a cook. ""
exercise is a key ingriedient to healthy living.
dear newspaper, you want people to be so memorized by a computer that they miss out in the world around them?
is this good or bad?
welcome to the future.
computer are one of the greates advancements in technology and they benifit society as well.
most children from ages to draw a curious mind to the very adult world and seek to find answers.
you see, there are many things you can do other than going on the computer.
the hard part is to get in your freedom is being able to know that it is ocntroling you.
she was looking very pretty.
first, the computer allows children and adults to learn about distant places and, other things.
first of all, what i mean by bad things i mean, your child can go on bad websites, talk to strangers, or get harassed.
if people could limit their at risk for diabetes.
if everything is removed because of an opinion, the world of the arts will be no more.
it's not at all to talk to people you don't know online.
a recent poll shwos that in every is overweight.
in recent years studies show that children that use the computer often are less likely and less willing to get active.
these are necessities for all people to have access to.
the use of computers has allowed me to stay in contact with distant friends and relatives.
instead up being blinded by the screen, you can get blinded from the sun outside by riding a bike.
the rooms are well-ventilated and well-furnished.
computer are convient in many ways.
there, it took him an hour when at last his turn came.
computers play a big role in society today.
so if we tacke one movie, book, magazine, type of song or music off the market why dont we just all of thim off the market.
when you use the computer for games or anything you do it teaches you how to move the mouse quickly and keep your eyes to used on the screen.
computers have made communication easy for people.
it's not.
can one person eliminate more than one book just because it offensive to them?
if it is offensive in the first place then no one should be forced to read it.
simply put, if you find the book offensive, don't read it.
it is a great art to contact the heart of child and build good character with lasting effect.
learning could also be a big faster in getting people out of their computer chairs.
what is the best way to learn now things easily?
as you can see, the computer helps us in our daily use and makes a positive impact on our society.
and they should if the parents do't want their kids reading it.
is very challenging at first, but when you look up on search websites you'll find all your answers.
secondly, computers are harmful because they lead to less time being with real people.
the horse came and ran in a circle.
remembered recieving some of the first footage of he moon on to his computer, before the photographs and video are released to the public.
those people tend to probably argue with their family because they had to get off of computer.
that really improves your coordination.
also taking part in extracuricular activities can play a major part in exersize.
nowadays, that is their way to communicate with their peer.
if they watch a movie full of violence, they feel it is their job to act in violent manners.
i think computers have a positive effect.
if your children what to read and listen to these things then you cant let it influence them.
it is nearly immposible to do that.
also, music allows the artist to bring out their side of creativity and emotion.
kids keep playing these games and are ruining their lifes.
instead of getting a good walk to your friends house to talk to you just in him/er.
whether it's typing term papers in high school or your application essay for college, you will need the help of computers.
finally computers can also be used to learn new information.
we only live once, and that once should be lived to the fulest!
i am extremely grateful to computers because i can keep in touch with my friends and relatives.
this happens more often than you think.
well, if you really think about it computers help you.
books are a gateway to another world.
you can meet new people through online dating services.
so you see, computers aren't negative, unless you abuse your ""computer-time"" and waste countless hours for no reason.
all you do is look up something and you can find it.
so, even i use the computer a lot, but it could be used for good.
one of the best ways are on the computer.
some people would say that people spend too much time on computers.
there are atleast million videos on and being watched/uploded per day.
should certain books, movies, magazines, music, etc., should be removed from shelves if they are found to be offensive.
first, i think computers have a positive effect on people because there are many homework helper websites that struggling students can go on and get tutored.
but, you need to get up and exercise and computers are preventing people from doing so.
now when he comes to work he is happier and making more papers and if he makes more papers you make more money.
there is always something you can do that dosn't you just have to look harder.
if there is a song going through your head, just look it up and i'm sure you'll find what you are looking for.
many play cricket, basketball, soccer, or tennis.
but my belief is that if your a good parent then shouldn't have to worry about that type of stuff.
did you know that people use their computers extremely often?
some of the ways i keep in touch with them are e-mailing, video chating, and instant messaging.
i believe if they put the books, movies, and other stuff on the shelf than it should be able to be read by children and others.
there are ways to have the uncut version, but thats on a , , or player.
the last way that computers benefit society is it teaches people handeye coordination.
my father never turned on a computer in his life and his buisness is doing fine.
second i want to inform the paper is that people are spending more time on the computer than exsercising.
but the good thing is you can customize you page so that won't happen.
there would be nothing left in libraries because almost everything out there someone could find offensive.
also you can talk to them even if their in a different state.
in my science class a boy named never does his homework.
people countries to see enough to visit for they wanna that country they need a resource that is up to date.
computers are quite helpful in school research, work and other important stuff, but there are many bad effects too.
if a piece of is particularly offensive; the piece should not be displayed.
which country has more than million fast food, restaurants currently functioning?
the computer is you friend.
my second reason is that computers cause a lack of enjoying nature.
if anybody takes it the wrong way then they should look at other things about the topic and put your own opinion on the topic.
my grandpa likes a lot of music because of their rhythm and beat.
computers expand a person's knowledge, allow one to communicate, and create a whole new word of fun.
people were rushing around with huge suitcases and bags.
computers are about the only way to find pictures, information, and make it neat.
another good effect on the computer is we can talk to friends online.
next time you turn on that laptop, think.
books are tools for learning and taking them away would be harmful to education.
some books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
although these two rappers are seen as modern day music heroes, they shouldn't be glorified the way they are.
lastly, computers can just be plain fun!
computers have a super positive effect on people.
these were my education grew greatly dae to this game.
they should be able to read anything they want.
there is no problem if you go on for an hour a day maybe more, but to long is not good.
as every day people are getting in touch with technology they are losing touch with the world around them.
i also understand that rap music can be realistic in ways too.
i had revised my syllabus twice.
second, the help people talk to friends and family using .
now the bullies found a new way, by starting web pages, emailing the person, or making threats online.
however, if you had written out the paper, it wouldn't have randomly disappeared!
but then, when i was six, my dad got a job that required him to work late every night.
my use it when people are hurt and i know some people use it to learn about magazine subscription and other thing to buy.
you get large phone bills just for a two minute long distance call?
its like this everyone has their own taste on what they like.
there is no reason why someone can't choose what they want to get, where they want it.
people can learn new words they never knew about.
yes, most people visit libraries for the wrong reasons but to other people, those wrong reasons be the reason for them to gain more information.
computers have influenced people in many benificial ways.
besides speed, computers also give you another great thing, communication.
this is my take on the whole situation.
spending to much time on it.
iam, , exc.
some of them are
habe you ever heard of the dating sites?
alsom a few months ago a class at made a pie-chart and discovered how their classmates find out world news.
if we are at home and we forgot our homework we could look it up online.
also say have particifated in same of sexting like ther sending peictures a language.
you can learn about cocrent civilizations.
you race back to the library only to find out that it is closed.
no more movie tickets, no more driving in the theater.
your bank account number.
i mean, who would give up their chatrooms and games to get in shape?
you want to wast a nice sunny day by staying in doors hurting your eyes?
people also like to know news imediately.
they might really like the book or whatever it is.
when there's always going to be someone out there wanting to read a book or magizine that others think should be censored.
i do think that a magazine is a book.
when your reading online you just read what people say, basically rumors.
computers have changed the world; and once it's changed there's no going back.
as the days pass by her time on the computer increase and sitting there needing on homework and i'm thinking you "" .
disagreements could turn into debates, and those could turn into fights.
thats wasted tax dallors we could have used for something better.
it is a reflection of sunlight that falls on it.
there is games you can play, quizzes you can take and you can chat with your friends.
for children that don't ""school or adults that want a college education, computers let them learn what they need to from online schools.
i say this because lots of people can talk to family of friends long distance.
finaly, the computer a helpful knolage tool to use.
you can even go in chat room.
or, say you were watching a show that was talking about slavery a hundred years ago, would that anger you?
for example, these is myspace, facebook, twitter, tumblr, etc.
helps you when you need info on a person, place, or thing.
computers are great for many reasons.
humans started out living i nthe wild, gathering food from the land and giving back by raplanting.
enjoy the nature.
i learnt a lesson of my life.
if a person was concerned about a certain material they could ask people or go online to see if it is offensive or not.
by censuring items on certain shelves is like when your mother makes you leave the kitchen so you don't get burned.
we sit there for twenty mins and the lights are back on.
finally better hand-eye coordination means that person will be more likely to obtain a job in a field that needs good coordination.
dear , computers are destroying modern youth.
in conclusion, computers have no benefits on people.
this is why a computer is a good way of comunication.
not only do you just talk to them you could do a webcam chat, so you could also see them.
he found out that white light is made up of seven colours.
did you know people can loose weight by exercising?
simple as that.
these are all the reasons why we should put cencorships and restrictions on libraries.
either way, the computer is a convinient place to go and talk to someone.
for example, a friend of mine is on the computer quite often, and has developed a weak immune system.
students' main source for education is through the computer on the internet.
the idea is simply unfair.
i do, however, think that they should be sectioned off and clearly marked to warn unwanting eyes and ears of the material found there.
author katherine paterson once said 'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.
usually you would type "u" instead of "you" or "r" instead of "are".
if you feel that they are reading, listening, or watching something that you feel is in appropriate, ask questions.
some computers have programs that teach you how to type.
then you can see others face to face!
even as adults some of them like to read in there free time.
adults can get fooled too, beleive me.
on there you can fin what ever your looking for.
where would those children be if they didn't have computers?
lastly, people aren't spending enough time with family and friends.
there, in my opinion, needs to be a room with said materials that children have, in no way, access to.
for those reasons materials should not be removed.
even if a certain material is offensive it should not be removed.
kids think they are immune to getting in trouble while posting messages or putting up picture of themselves.
thats a total of years of life waste.
you say that computers are bad on todays society?
also might not be useful.
i hope you think about this
now since that person doesn't like what the material offers to the public, doesn't mean somebody else dosen't.
it does not grow every whereas the mango tree.
if something is offensive to one person, it be because they have a different background.
without an computer you really can't get any thing done or reddy.
there are billion people in the world.
like people use to talk to on the other side of the world or you can use aim.
computers are an advancement that could help people learn more about anything.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
it can also teach you about tons of other things.
thats almost everyone.
i was reading this book call my hood.
dear newspaper, i think that using your computer too much is bad.
when a school project is going on more than students use a computer to acces the information they need.
you can easily keep fit if you obey the laws of health.
i hope you can agree with me
a young author writes a non-fiction novel about her childhood ranging from being raped by her father at six years old to being bullied in school.
the computer craze does not stop kids will continue not to go out side and get to have some fun.
we should only use paper for emergency's and not splurge on it.
should there be censorship in libraries?
just because one person doesn't like it doesn't mean another wouldn't either.
a use for computer that is also use full is hand eye coordination.
and not be working down at you finger keys.
a bus stop hums with life and activity.
're their slaves come at their call.
computers are the future.
there is skype, which allows you to communicate with others while on the internet, you use a webcam.
why does everyone have to sit in front of the computer anyway?
he believes in discipline.
this obsession with online games or is not what internet was made for.
well whats a better way to find out a bout those than talking with people who live there?
computers are efficient for work because it is so easy to make presentations.
the computers let you learn new things and you can search anything you want to know.
if one was to walk past a book they did not intend to read, they do not have to be apalled at the cover as they pass.
the main reason children become fat on the computer is because it is easier to just go on the computer than to walk and exert energy.
students sometimes go home and strayht oor tug computer instead of doing homework.
everyone is different so you can't just take offensive stuff off the shelves, it might be offensive to one person, but not to someone else.
all the way from race issues, religion, fale statements, and so on.
all they have to do is hit a button.
computers are to blame for our worlds weight issues.
and parents should monitor what there children are reading and take part in the book by helping them understand what the book is saying.
this shows how hand-eye and exercise is linked to computer.
it is much easier to transfer files digitally than actually sending a paper copy.
long distance friends can view photos, information, videos, and chat from far away.
you don't want to to them over the phone.
also, people don't go out & enjoy nature like the you.
another reason why computers dont give you exerise is because of google.
any concerned person, technologically challenged would agree the countless ones on the computer are no good for the health of our country.
yet there is still another reason that this would not work out well, and would not be a good idea.
i also believe that if its helping you learn then it should stay on the shelf.
now i hope you like the reasons i wrote on why computers are good to have.
computers have helped children and adults learn, increased the amount of jobs and computers have helped law enforcement as well.
students use computers for information on school reports in , , , or .
but also you can play a lot of different games and also type on an notepad.
whilesome for pure entertainment, others for information, and another for reconnection.
even if you local does not you can go to other websites like """".
i am a wrestler and a baseball player but if i don't spend some time a day working out or staying active.
usually in any store i've walked into, there are certain departments for each product.
there are so many uses!
i like rock and metal music just because rap is a little offensive.
partys are always fun ecspecially when your are with family.
although some stories seem like a bad option, it is not until the reader has begun to read that he or she can figure that out.
in conclusion computers take away some important things line exercise.
first, i watch younger children getting so many books off the shelves and maybe they aren't the best for them.
the time is now!
empty shelves would be a horrible look.
there should be many different topics in libraries so everyone enjoyes the stuff there.
although i understand her message, i don't completely agree with it.
if all books that were found 'offensive' are stripped off the shelves, information is slowly taken away and the enjoyment of reading would be gone.
my father wanted me to join a school.
these are my reasons that computers are good.
students take part in various curricular activities.
spoke to some researchers about this and they would agree that these sites are dangerous to young teens.
maybe books have our history of wars and of our heros.
allmost all have computers these days.
with a computer all you need to do to type in what info your looking up. ""
parents should be more concerned about what their kids are learning everyday.
now, if there's something we're curious about, we can just look it up on google.
he keeps them in touch by his quick and regular service.
one of my reasons is that people that spend to much time on the computers they are litting their lifes pass by them.
families use computers to plan get-togethers.
the main reason why i am against keeping computers around is because the people that use them the most are neglecting their families as well as their friends.
but other than that your able to chat with your friends instead of waiting for your mom to get off the phone.
dress up to educational.
also with these online pages they cause to much and could lead to fight or rumors.
i don't think that you will ever find a definition that everyone can agree on.
although equal rights and freedom in necessary, schoolwork is too important to let kids get distracted from .
my blood ran cold.
for example, you move and not be able to see them again.
it takes more than what some people are doing and saying to reflect on what your reading and how your reading it.
they do so much for my family and me, i can't live without a computer.""
if a book was censored because of the contents inside it would bring into question other books or media related to it.
my father told me never to give up.
i think that things found in the library that people find offensive shouldn't be removed.
people like this are more likely to gain weight, have little social time, and spend too much time inside.
next, computers let you talk to friends.
these materials are made to entertain someone, some are entertained by offensive material.
let me explain, people and kids these days do have alot of exercising.
there are many sites to chat with friends.
this could also help you in the long run with any job you want to do because knowledge can get you anywere.
whether someone knows it or not when you are typing fast it is help you hands.
my opinion on computers is that i think it's a good idea for people to go on computers.
i learned bout his family, his childhood, were he's from, and lots of other important facts.
the big problem is people think it's better to be sitting home than out enjoying nature exercising!
inract or the of in a recent study that "" are absolete now, with the internet peope can chat at lignning speed"".
unless they make a law against being offencive.
people use computer technology to communicate everyday through , , and i-chat.
one reason i think that being on the computer too long is bad for people is because you could get obsessed with it.
these are major benefits to society, and everybody should embrace computers.
dear newspaper, has come to my attention that some people have been concerned about using computers too much.
not only is an issue, however, people can now talk to strangers on the internet.
that's where computers come in.
when someone something they watch the screen not their hand.
can i ever forget the octogenarian who stayed with us for two days.
this book could certainly be considered offensive by a person living in the southern ; one could say this book steriotypes people in the .
what are you going to do with it?
if you are a person who is always on the computer, plan a get together with your friend to talk in real life.
in conculsion computers are good they help you inform you and they can teach you i love my computer it helps me with homework and helps me study.
they are now a important and useful part of jobs people have now.
however, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people in many ways.
the worst were books with cuss words that i found.
doing this allows you to relax and multitask while your computer is feeding you coverage of the call in crystal-clear sound.
i don't think anything over at a level.
it is my opinion that every book should have its own place on a shelf.
remember not to tell anyone where you live or dont take pictures and send them that are personal.
on the christmas day, my parents gift me something special.
and you probably don't want to.
i love my brother.
i started laughing helplessly at myself.
this is final reason why i was concerned that people are spending too much time on the computer.
computer supply so much more then just entertainment.
thank you for listening to my reasons.
what is the differnce between someone reading it in a book and seeing it on television?
over the years they would of never done that, and rent movies or buy them to have on your .
another reason i support the use of computers is because <@num1> of all students rely on the for research papers and other assignments.
do you still think this has a positive effect on people?
then they can come and leave you mentally scared for life.
the library has many books, they would have anything that you could possibly imagine.the library is a great resource for any information.
although many believe that using a computer is a waste of time, it can also help you stay organized.
also, you learn to be nice on computers.
phones now can be personal tws, inernet, and messaging devises.
if there are people saying that the certain books are offensive, then they should take them out of the library.
the brain is a muscle, if it is not excercised correctly, it becomes weak and useless.
in short, we call it a ‘bike’.
you can use a phone instead and call them.
and i wish i was at the hospital with her.
of large corporations find the and computer very useful. ""
that's why computers are good use.
when students are working on a report, they very often use the internet to get information.
for example, i personally love horror movies.
i feel that it is neccessary that books should be removed from the shelves just because someone has gotten offended it.
boys killing themselves because .
it's much faster than writing.
some of them are
it can look up when was born.
my imaginary friend is a user in my imagination.
we study in the same school and in the same class.
new technology greater than my knowledge is coming.
they are not going out and haveing fun jumping around with their friends.
the material being called offensive just because of one person's views in not rite.
the following day both i and my sister went school.
a child enjoys perfect freedom.
you go to different and play any games.
the last reason is that one.
with the use of internet people can learn about faraway places without spending money to go there.
what they don't notize is that they're totally forgetting about their families!
in oredr to ake our country a better and healthier place, we must the time spent on computers.
computers make interacting with other people, in person, a lot more difficult.
over ninety four percent of people today own a computer ad feel as though they have learned many things from it.
not only is the spelling wrong but also the grammer.
second, people do not spend as much time on the computer, they get more experience with social skills.
also you could share pictures of both of you at a baseball game to keep memories.
they help people stay connected with old friends, and work.
this would create a corrupt society, with a lot of fighting.
rowing a boat provides a lot of fun.
this can lead to ruined relationships, loss of friends and the chance of losing your love with family.
as well as for research, school use computers to type papers.
of people have never even been camping!
true, children are encouraged to have fun, but to a certain, but safe extent.
you should heed my advice, people should be useing computers.
a computer gives you any learn something.
in conclusion just go outside and have fun!
your family can make parties.
over of people today have a computer.
in the evening, we went for a walk on the mall road.
his job requires a lot of hard work.
so for his birthday i decided an getting him a computer.
mom i'm on the computer!
, i would have to say to chat with friends.
there are bigger more advanced computers that scientist use every day.
in the past year, victim have committed suicide.
dear local newspaper, i feel that computers are very useful to society.
and if the book is resourceful for study the liberian should keep it in an area were people that want the book can ask for it.
the reason for this is because, not only oo you not get enough exercise, you won't go outside as much.
thus, the more vacations they go one which is profitable for airplane companies.
its like a new way to be home schooled.
one reason is that many people lose family or to be more spicific lose contact with people.
i can sister talking how they had that has to be taken using a computer.
they can be asked who they are, were they live.
computers hold knowledge on almost everything imaginable, but best of all, its right your fingertips.
not one person.
once you learn to moderate the useige of your computer that wont be a problem.
no matter the case, with work a computer always helps.
if someone views material as offensive, it should be the parent's responsibility to regulate whether their child reads or listen to it or not.
computers help out by making possible to get all the info you want, like for a trip.
computers have caused problems where kids do not do any types of physical activity which deprives them of their daily needed exercise.
you be wondering why they don't take the bad stuff off the library shelves.
compters get really annoyting sometimes.
i fear that many kids will suffer from child hood obeasity, this is because of the inactiveness of so many teenagers my age.
i asked each of the kids how long it took them.
i basically read him the lyrics and he eventually put the idea of sucicide away.
first, computers can help find out how to do things.
the video has been viewed over million times.
nobody made her watch , she chose to watch .
dont deprive people of what they wanna learn, watch or listen to.
he should attend school regularly.
so next time you go to the library to research a book, stay at home do the same online.
phones are just a tiny version of a computer.
i dont think there would be.
eventhough instant messaging can distract kids from their daily life it can also be amazingly helpful.
one example of this is that there are chat rooms or groups people can join.
my first reason is people getting addicted to computer games and other computer fetures.
the second reason is that not all people agree on censorship.
freedom of speech goes a long way in the world people either gotta het used to it or stay offended.
if there is a word you want to know and isn't i the dictionary look it up and it will be online.
so i hope you dont buy something that has a really bad virus else like that.
i believe that if our kids cannot get to the section with offensive books then we will not have to worry about them seeing the offensive materials.
that got me thinking.
it helps with a lot of tasks these days.
censorship should not be allowed because it limits what people can read.
these two subjects bring me to my last reason, if people cant find what they want.
give people the choice.
computers are the key to help open the world to new possabilities & options not possible years ago.
these locators allowed you to write down your name disaster should over happen.
you can also learn either interesting and useful things like food recipes the contents in paints.
before the invention of the computer, the only way to pass on information was by mail or phone.
a computer also has many great sources you can learn from, like an online website that has fun called .
i garantee you will have a good time using a .
too many people spend countless hours on their computers, rather than doing other activities.
lastly, computer make the world a much more and fun place thanks to youtube, news and online movies/tv shows.
computers make it easy to communicate.
most jobs need the internet to work like architects need the computer to design buildings and houses.
some kids have their education online or to teach others.
this like totally needs to stop before everyone is addicted to spreading rumors.
one of them is .
a secound reson on why computers are helpful is because it teaches hand-eye coordination.
it is obvious that more & more people are having problems with eyes everyday.
the bad thing is that i am told i cannot just because it says something or shows a picture of something a teenager supposidly shouldn't be seeing.
i have always thought of that question.
for example somethings like and are taught in school and could be consided dangerous.
from observations of my own i have seen numerous times when someone has found someones music offensive, but they don't say anything.
families relationships are being ruined and peoples health is at steak!
this program is used from everything to research papers to.
the rate of people getting addicted on the internet is increasing as well.
one way is to keep in contact.
it should not happen, any book, movie, magazine, should be available to who wants it
when on the computer your not really interacting with.
one can also attach documents that consist.
second, the libraries should be able to put what ever they want on the shelfs.
we should not result to that.
on how i love facebook.
it's like your own personal library at home at a touch of a finger!
all the commution website are hard to get off because there starting to put games on so you wont log off as fast.
although it is a good thing for parents to have a voice and stand up for what they believe, books should not be banned.
its now or never to decied you want to waste your life over a computer.
like student we do a lot of projet in the computer we search for any can or thing.
every person has different things that offend them and it would not be possible to remove everything from the library that offended someone.
it was just the other day i sat down to read a book about a musical that i wish to see, and there were nude pictures in it.
without a doubt using a computer helps us learn.
so, speak up and talk to someone about the idea.
people should know to not get a book read about the offensive stuff without stopping then go complain.
they don't get enough exercise.
no friends go talk see your family instead of one of those vertual meaings.
as you can see, computers have many positive effect on people.
but let's say that you did, that you were, in fact, able to throw away any title that contained these themes.
this was all in result of using a computer.
computer based video games can prepare you for real life tasks and challenges by improving your physical skills.
the would always have junk food when was on the computer.
actually there are many positive effects that computers have on people.
substitute other objects or ideas with this, if one person in the world was offended by another person would you just remove them from the human race?
computers are used everywhere, for thousands of different things.
that is what can happen when buying something off of the .
she plays with me.
what gives anyone the right to take something that somebody made and ban it from the rest of the world because it's offensive?
this is the first reason why computeres are a bad thing.
but you dont have to actuly co to there houses you can put pictures or you on facebook or myspace or any other site.
they believe that these generations are relying too much on computers and not spending enough time exercising outside or socializing.
my friends and guests praise my garden.
some people make you feel bad if your bigger than they are.
as a country, has more obese people each decade.
many of the young women in my sophmore class have read, ' the series,' and they loved it which made them read other vamiper books.
so don't spend your life time on the computer geting fat, not spending time with their children and make something yourselfs.
when he was almost sixteen years old he began to hang out with a bad group of teenagers.
maturity level for some children is just not quite high enough for them to see/watch/listen/play certain materials.
its the greatest feeling when you talk to someone you haven't seen in awhile because you know that they still remember you.
the possibility are endless on the web.
sometimes computers do help with hand-eye coordination.
the light coming on to your eyes is like staring at the sun but not quit as damaging.
when you type, all you do is hit ""backspace"" and you write over only your mistake.
they turn the words into short and to keep up with what people are saying.
i also have a calculator on my labtop.
it also makes many people feel self consiou about themselves.
there is also a great rush of passengers at the inquire office.
each day new discoverys are benefiting our society however they are only being made possible by the help of computers.
censorship such as in the book, is being used.
third resson is that it helps people such as if you in different contries and you can't go see them you to them through instans or web cam.
between going on for ten minutes and letting the computer control your life?
people who write, sing, and direct things that are considerd 'inapropriate' are the ones who are trying to set the truth free.
in the future we are going to see more and more computers.
they allow you to talk to people that you and feel that they are there with you.
all you have to do is go to a news website.
do you still support these computers!?
this is where a problem occurs.
my last and final reason is that computers can help save a lot of trees and paper.
you find this hard to beleive, but many people think computers put a negative attitude on people.
there is a new look everywhere on earth.
sometimes they can be a good way to relieve stress, by taking it out on a hapless alien.
we thanked god that we had landed safely.
'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf..' said by katherine paterson.
that is were the hand-eye coordiantion helps.
also you can talk to friend.
so we've basically covered the effects that computers have on your body physically.
it's now or never!
there are just to many people in this world and i have read articles about libraries.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have a negative effect on people.
you put a message in and away it goes instantly reaching ther person you trying to teach.
what kind of books can elevate our nature?
before computers became popular, people had to work and look for .
also, after taking a poll.
to begin with, seeing people in person is not the only way to communicate, on the computer there is many ways.
reason two you then forget to excersize.
goat milk is expensive.
they increase your chances of either being overweight or getting diseases such as diebeties.
a computor can give us certain information like news and whether report.
since the time children are in grade school, they learn typing on a keyboard.
i understand you would like to know my opinion on whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people.
if we don't remove nothing from the library we would have alot of people coming.
in conclusion, computers have a strong effect on people today.
schools also use sites to help students have their knowledge.
people don't exercise as often as the should!
first, you can buy games from a store and download them onto your computer.
my first reason is the first amenment which is freedon of speech.
dear editor, i see that there is an argument between computers being good or bad.
second, it lets people communicate with other people.
people have a right to make their own choices on what them believe but no right to force those oppinions on others.
besides, if you want my honest opinion, computers should only be used as tools.
in a house with too many servants or masters, there wiil be no order.
dear newspaper i disagree with the hole computer thing i think it's just a wast of money and it's a wast of time for kids.
dear , you think the computers don't help you with research?
i believe this beacause when the computer you spend less time exercising.
they think it is appropiate to act like , because their favotire movie star is preforming way.
you could be outside enjoying nature, playing sports, or traveling.
this could lead to loss jobs laziness.
the internet is where most of this takes place though.
thats why i think should have a room for things that might offend certain people.
buisnesses people also do lots of work on the computer.
it was a lovely evening.
so spread the word for the sake of thousands of people.
that way anyone could go in the room and listen to whatever kind of music they want, no questions asked.
but if you can' get out of the house you could do something a little different from computers video games.
that is really the only reason we don't do .""
they should have a section just for that kind of music.
therefore computers are good.
while working out an essay by hand is tiring and boring you can type up the essay on you computer.
are removed from shelves then is not practicing it preaches to the many of people who come here in search of freedom.
they can also be used to interact with people far away.
teenagers should be aloud to watch kid movies and teen movies.
if a teacher finds a book which they think is appropriate, parents should respect the decision of this teacher.
computers play a part in warming because they use electricty and thjen the electrisity melts the polar ice caps.
here is my i think computers are useful and here are my reasons one kids can talk to their friends they are punsied.
this is when they type and this is similar to a telephone conversation, but free of charge.
computers allow you to communicate, conduct business, and learn.
if we have questions to something we dont know we could search on the computer and find our answer.
they sit and tap on the keyboard instead of walking nature trails and walking on the beaches.
that is only some people, what one person finds distrubing and gross another person can find interesting.
because computers and internet connections arn't free.
don't spend all of your time on it.
people need them to have an enjoyable life.
it's very unhealthy for a person to sit down at a computer all day.
this is totally private, so it isn't dangerous to say names of family members or their locations.
many people believe people are spending way too much time on the computer.
we can feel our heartbeat if we place our hand on the chest.
for example, i remember when i got into trouble with my parents and they look the computer away from me.
computers have a wide viarety of entertainment.
we should all have access to all opinions so that we can develop our own.
the government has all they're information in computers.
that is what computers were made for.
computers are becoming more and more advanced everyday and that's why i think people are so addicted to them, yet they do have positive affects.
children are taking time out of their homework to go on the computer, citizens are gaining weight, and children are being kidnapped.
it was a very heavy downpour.
thank you for reading this article.
i would like to state on my behalf that i do not agree that computers are good for society.
would you feel like you want to rip your hair out and throw that computer out the window?
so maybe things do need to be taken off shelves.
one the reasons?
i have relitives in i belive them because i have there email.
i took a survey of three kids that typed a composition and three kids that wrote it.
if all those people are busy let them do their work they want for need to do.
in this way we have done great loss to ourselves.
after months, the fit and healthy became obese.
probably not this is why websites like and are getting more and more members each day.
or if you wanted to know when died.
there are also spiecal computers and/or web-sites you can search for tutorial for speaking different langueges.
go make some real breathing friends in person.
you can send an email to someone and wait for a reply.
why, because it makes socializeing easir, you can gain lots of education and also help with buisnesses.
people don't think about your sititng in your computer chair and .
i believe this because computers benefit by its online, internet, and overall help in other things.
these are the kinds or things you need to know and not everyone go out to the library everytime you have a question.
for example, some people playing on compters forget about eating, sleeping or walking around.
i believe this because if people use it for education purposes to chat, email, or to reasearch it does make a difference in peoples lives.
furthermore, advances in technology will allow people to talk online with other people.
i exercise, enjoy nature and interact with friends and family too.
people sometimes say, ""oh, i only go on the computer to check up on things.
if you agree with me i thank you.
dear : the effects that computers have on me is that it teaches me hand-eye coordination.
for example a movie that is inaccurrate and poorly made might be offensive to real life veterans.
even though sitting down looking at your computer screen is not very interactive, computers increase our knowlage.
desilting of rivers in the plains will also help.
these are all great uses for computers.
some music be offensive to other people, but does that mean you should get rid of it at the library?
also, you can buy off line what if you live too far away from your favorite stare you can fast or der it off line.
censorship takes away from the integrity and purity of a human's thoughts.
your friends important them.
what do yoo think?
now he knows what pages to read from the science book.
one way you can keep in touch is by online chatting like through the webcam or my favorite which stands for aol instant messaging.
i got the home work and got an a all thanks to the computers ability to interact with others.
so my point that i would to come across is that use you computer wisely.
on one side sat the musicians with shehnai and its accompaniments.
some of the age limits throughout society should be put in libraries, but other than that, the decisions should be left up to the person.
second of all, the friends you meet on the enternet are called cyber friends.
in addition, computers let you learn about countrys all over the word.
it is unrealistic to always get a complete consensus of a group's opinion, so how do you determine whats offensive and whats not.
lets say you had a party coming up, but had nothing creative to cook for food.
these quick changes happen without thinking, and become a natural habit.
when was a good smile run.
fact is one hour of exercise is good for your health.
there shouldn't be a problem with just one little bad word in great works of liturature.
so we will need ligitement reason's to take some books off the shelf.
now a great change has taken place.
history has shown us time and time again that totalitarianism is unsuccessful.
dear press, i have recently heard about many arguments based on computers ruining society.
computers don't really affect exercising.
katherine paterson said it well when she mentioned that no books would be left on the shelves.
online is a great place to chat with friends or family you could keep in touch.
if my ambition is fulfilled, i shall do my best as a teacher.
when you get out of college people let go of some good friends because they could live in different state,.
first of all, a group of young boys and girls came on the stage.
dear local newspaper, computers have a humongous positive effect on people.
so just talk to them and be real about things.
who's right is it to decide what is right for our lives.
this helped her learn to type.
personally, i have a facebook, aim, and even a e-mail.
this continues lots of kids will be fit and .
i think this also goes agenst freedom of speech.
people need to learn a little about everything that goes on in this world to be a better, more educated, well-rounded individual.
i just think that spending time with your family is important.
censoring materials in the library could resolve in many problems.
the computer has even been the sole purpose for many other ground breaking improvements in technology.
your going to learn a lot more on computers than having to travel places and or school.
in this country we are given the rights to freedom of speech and press, so why can anyone demand that a book be banned?
in this book, the population is forbidden from having any kind of book.
and finally, computers are very expensive electronics, they have much up keep which costs you money ultimately making you depressed.
therefore everyone should have an ambition.
an if you read this you would see my reasons why.
for some reason, computers had a lot of effects on people.
you can look up faraway places, and zap theres everything you need to know write in front of you.
i am a big fan of football and i don't want to see it ge cancled.
""computers can also cause vision problems and haedaches.""
they teach hand eye coordination, give people to learn about faraway places and people can you actually believe some people say otherwise?
children read it yes, but that shouldn't be blamed on the author.
men, do you want to know the solders part of this war?
the driver came out of the bus.
it's clear that the computer is not safe.
i use it mostly for ypoutube, , and for googling pictures.
now they just sign into aim, facebook, or myspace.
thing like finding information and booking hotels, airplanes, ect.
everyone is inclined to their opinions, but their opinion doesn't decide what is and isn't in their library.
people can get that were they haute to go outside and we dont want that do eve.
if that was someone you loved.
days you can talk through the with a person in without needing to go to .
he searches the internet, but only finds job applications and college ady so he asks the questions on a public site.
thus, the order becomes a habit.
when you are haveing fun you will not stop wat you are doing, dont pay attention.
if you bought a new computer and you got somebody can hack your computer and get all of the information from it.
in conclusion computers are the best thing that has been introduced to man kind so far in this world.
a convenient way to do this was by using a computer.
for example, many people use or to connect with friends.
there are techneral problems with them that deileate files.
let's not forget about what lawyers do?
then have them published for you to just take them off the shelf.
but, you can educate someone about the subject matter.
i find ' in the ' to be dangerously inappropriate.
it takes time away from the outdoors, exercising, and family.
if people are wasting away, staring at their computer screen and not getting any sort or exercise in, the number will get bigger.
but then again we could all wonder where would we be today without computers.
i am so happy, i just finished my school report on and i didn't even need to leave my house.
however, because of this invention, computers have allowed us to do incredible things.
i know i have.
if i brought over and read it to their kids and they got offended, should we get rid of ?
certain materials being removed from libraries such as books, music and magazines, shouldn't be removed from the libraries.
so, the reason why i'm writing today is about this issue is to put my beliefs out there.
other people were also buying books and magazines.
also, by learning about other countries and the people in them, we gain respect for them.
the something with technology.
his method of teaching is convincing and inspiring.
we use the computer it is even better because they can even see our fare throught the webcam.
there is another way of cheating, copying others work, essays or articles form a website.
or spend time with family and friends.
i also hear when im with my friends or in a crowd of people.
people should go to the gym and build strong muscles.
you could try to call, but what if they are outside and are playing with his/her dog?
on the computer we have popular websites like , , and .
and lets not forget the internet easy.
people have jobs on computers like cortreporters and tax-retelers and sales people.
she could have handle the sitiutation herself, by just comforting the person about it.
they should go to the beach relax and relieve all the stress from computer games.
to conclude my statement im gonna go over my three reasons why we need computers first to track natrual disasters.
it reduces the chances we have to learn and to flourish.
might take a while to get your purchase items, 's worth the wait.""
first of all, we have the right to have these kinds of books.
computers do teach you more things, but they also have games.
if the only thing you do is talk to people on the computer you develope speech problems.
another reason that the computer and technology are great is because you can get information you need it.
it would be a really fun family trip.
computers give you an easy and fast way to communicate with others.
what seems to make them so important to us?
if it has some purpose behind it, then it holds a place but if it is some magazine talking about drama it apears very useless.
you chose it .
's"", it can even help me order a product form a website like , , or .
people are losing time and everything.
""'t that brilliant?""
last you can i.m them.
the fast wat can is helping other plan vacations by money to them.
when i say most schoold, i mean of schools assign students to research using a computer.
computers have linked the world through communication and information and have exelled us to greater heights in understanding how we came to be.
if a student puts a bibliography in his report, you will see that he/she used the of the time.
you are begging to become overweight.
i always go on to talk to family living too far to visit.
instead of pulling conservercial books off the shelves completly, we should rather put a warning on them.
some people wouldent have heard about the earthquake in if wasent for the websights that brodcasted updates on .
you can also talk to different people who live in another state, country, or continent.
then, when you find your source it has info that could have been skipped over.
those girls are doing activitys that make our world more productive.
in my conclusion using a computer is very useful and very important nowadays.
thats what i believe a few of the good things are.
many children and young adults are vulnerable to the assumtion that everything you see on the computer is true.
it gives education to not only children, but adults as well.
an there is weed all arund.
farmers became slaves became very rich and i kid even grad collage at age .
in this day and age, when is becoming a we need our exercise more.
i believe that there should be a little censorship in libraries.
yes, i believe that computers benefits society because you can talk to other people, it helps you learn and lastly compoters are apart of todays technology.
's easier to talk and ask question about something important to your business.
one reason to why i think that people should spend less time on the computer and more times outdoors is so that they can get more exercise.
most people today neglect punctuality.
but then again, a parent could bring their kids into those sections so they can find their books without leaving their child unattended.
that really would be the future of computers.
most of all, remember how much you can achieve with a computer.
although i do not fully agree with the ideas of many theorists, i do not ask that their work be banned from public libraries.
meaning you stop excersizing.
the internet can be useful in everyday life.
you never know the people could be messed on in the head.
you can also meet new people useing a pc.
dear , this leter i am writing to you is about how computers affect people.
a researcher showed that computers you can chat , i think computers has affects on all!
libraries are usually pretty good at sorting things.
hostel life has many advantages.
the last thing that makes computers so bad is the drama they cause.
just because you don't like something, doesnt mean someone else won't.
theres books and information that you wish you would have never picked up in your whole life, then again thats everywhere.
i knew he couldn't come back to town, so i started to email him, and video chat with him.
another reason that computers are positive is that is helps people find their biological parents or siblings.
i know i've made the mistake becoming too attached to socia networking to remember my family but luckily i have a stable family environment.
being stuck in our town unaware of the rest of the world, unable to enjoy the beauty of or send help to the starving people in .
but why isn't it taken seriously by the government?
maybe the people are relieved and interested, knowing they are free now.
with millions of people like that, our society will soon become choos.
computers are often helpful to those with special needs, and .
they just sit their on the computer and do nothing while on the other hand they could be outside.
also, things like and face book help people to stay in touch with old and distant friends.
i have learned that playing or using a computer call help victims of reflex damaging accidents.
one reason why i believe computers benefitt people in society, is with the simple fact that computers teach you things.
then it showed me a picture of , and the history of the country.
hello my name is and i am going to enforce you that computers can benefit our society.
increasing interest in a monitor tends to result in decreasing care for exercise as well as a decline in the amount of exercise gotten each day.
this is on issue that needs attention.
people can now talk to reltives in the comfort of thre home without having to about how they look.
she felt that the relationship wasn't good enough and she needed to meet a better man.
i have been offended by lots of things that i have read but i dont try to get them censored or removed from the place i read it.
i believe that if we had the right there would be no materials left for future children to read.
if you want information its just about typing some keys and a click of a button.
using the computer for chat, such as, facebook, myspace, and twitter can also benefit our society today.
while removing books for reading be going to far, things such as movies could go the other direction.
she went in the old cottage to find her father lying on the bed writing her.
this can certainly inflame groups, and even start protest or boycotting it.
trying to block the explicity and violence in the world is an endless battle.
she pobably would've gotten an ""a+"".
statistically saying out of jobs in the state use a computer or technology relating to a computer hardware.
i walked into my living room.
lastly you will eventually want to go outside after visiting websites that show you moments and gardens of this world.
children and adults alike have lost face time or interraction with other human beings face to face.
the most you let your child watch is .
i use these machines to play video games on to cure my boredum like most young teens and children do.
in school of you need to make a newspaper, flyers, business cards, etc.
computers help people stay organized.
many people spend too much time on their computers and less time exercising.
, who had just moved to my school, looked bold and confident.
they start to talk and become good friends.
whichever team scores more goals, wins the match.
the lack of human interaction and lack of exercise are problems that need to be solved as soon as possible.
almost ever single book in the world is not factual, unless it is nonfiction.
my reason is less time exercising people are to busy on the computer playing games an talking to other ones.
by the way; of the pupils of dont have computers.
whenever someone is bored doing nothing they can just turn on a computer, and play their favorite game.
there is a big blackboard too.
and if you don't believe me go hop on a computer and see for yourself.
to keep our essays organized, our research effective, and the clear to read typing right infront of us.
some adults go into chat rooms and pretend to be a teenager.
with , i can not only hear her voice every day but see her face, too.
find locations to where the live.
computers let you do so much to stay entertained over long rides or even rides.
this shows that little of the ' house hold is never out side playing with friends.
there are a lot of websites you can talk on like facebook, twitter or even myspace you can even skype.
i t's not fair to other readers who enjoy reading ' '.
computers has a very positive benefit on people world wide.
the four pillars of religion-truth, purity, mercy and charity-stood firm in all the world.
distractions like these keep us from doing the things we need to do, such as excersise.
as you can see i need my computer for many things.
computers can help in many ways.
this is so very convinient.
one thing that a computer makes easier.
every has a different opinion on different matters based on their beliefs and life experiences.
can you imagine the high bills you would get?
we probably would not know that much if it wasn't ofr computers.
you can reconnect woth old friends that you havent sen in years, learned many good things with the internet and computers.
the computer supplies the user or student with a wide variety of information.
we know so much more about other places now than we did before computers.
plus, spending so many hours on a computer.
but the urge to stay in on the computer clouds your better judgement.
to add to that, you will get more in-depth news for these is no limit on room or space on the website.
so now that we got that out of the way lets move on and get on with our life's.
they allow you to store information.
you will find a micro computer thats capable of surfing inter playing music just smaller size then before.
to me, that's a life saver.
dr. a scientists say co-work who communicate are actually safer because they dont have to anywhere and they can stay home.
in conclusion, there should be better censorship restrictions on certain materials.
aim, , and are all different ways to interact with each other.
people, especially children, forget the risks of physical health.
this is a horrible thing to do to yourself.
i understand that some people do not enjoy electronics but it is up to you to set them straight!
computers have a massive affect on some peoples life.
books must be read, we must give our consent to their knowledge.
if a library is loud and obnoxious it'll drive people away from the library.
by interacting with friends and family will help youn later in life by being more social and ready any job interview to meet you less nervous.
you couldn't possibly say that all the hard work put in to makng computers did not have a positive effect, could you?
another reason is your kids will be able to talk to there friends faster than mail as well.
again instead of just sitting at the computer your outside running around haveing fun while you learn hand eye coordination.
their are many things people get addicted to life facebook, myspace, formspring.
in conclusion i believe computers are good because one many kids need them for school second they have a lot of educational games.
anyways you can use the internet an easy way to talk to people or to ""keep in contact"".
in libraries they have all types of music albums that a person can listen to, before they rent it out.
then there is some kind of diesese that can happen to your if it does the same thing to many times.
i have no idea why any person would want to take books,music,movies and magazines away from us.
the internet is a great place research on any topic you have or doing what ever you want.
one of them goes to the library to find music and we both listen to it.
magazines can help us with research or just to now what is happening in this world today.
instead or local news imidiatly acess it on you you can acess encyclopedia and distionarys like at the websites provide an easy imidiats fools for daily uses.
these days you simply type it in to a search browser and you instantly get thousands of webistes on that topic.
since people are so dependent on computers, sometimes working form one can hurt your vision.
no, i don't think books are offensive in librarys.
"i love to travel, but i want to know about the place i'm going to before i get on the phone to go there."
for the other you can download and install softwear onto your for a low price.
every four out of five households have a computer avalable for completing assignments, checking, e-mails and learning about the, that happend in last week.
many people take classes, especially college level classes, online.
they would miss each other contantly.
did you lash out, or did you keep an open mind and come try understanding?
there are quite are quite a few who take to begging because of it.
some jobs that have opened up giving unwadged citizens a sorce of income on computers.
if you want to get homework done and you have a computer, it gets you off topic.
the station master is in charge of the railway station.
dear newspaper, computers does have some cons but they also have a lot of pros.
now-a-days, people don't go out and explore the world much they just go online and nthey search a place up on a google.
this makes kids unaware and curious to figure out the truth.
more and more people use computers everyday.
the computer enables us to find information for a project, or construct a diagram or data table for a survey.
with your family.
there are a lot less people going places now because who needs to go to when you can just look up pictures of .
this week alone, have discovered new drugs that could put an end to cancer.""
so, now you know, computers when used to much, at obsesive amounts, are similar to drugs in the way that they are so addicting.
keep offensive books, music, movies, and magazines on the library shelfs.
it'd take away everythign if we removed eac and every one.
so thank you for listening.
would you, a teacher, want to get sick with no fresh air or be healthy working out doors?
secondly i think that computers could help you meet new people from foreign countries and other states.
the knowledge of people would be limited to only what the library or the government would want them to know and that is not right.
we can get physical health and fitness by taking part in games and sports.
the internet is useful in many ways and can help you with your every day life.
but your cant get a new family.
dear local newspaper, you know how long you go on the computer for?
computers have taken our socity in the next level.
everyone person can think of something that we did not like or want to see.
in everyday of our live we see something new that comes out and becomes an easy tool for us.
they can come in all shapes and sized to fit your wants and needs, and can connect you to anything in the world.
give people the full right to read and write whatever it is they want to.
computers are such a bad influiance to people agian because people need to experiance life an not sit behind a desk or a home being lazy.
with reluctance she agreed and stayed at home.
who don't get enough excersize, cant think clearly becasue tehre is no oxygen in their brains.
dear , are very dangerous to the modern day socity and how we are connected to them.
they give you access to an amazing amount of information.
but playing a game or reading an article don't provide experience.
on certain websites, you can talk to friends, see what your friends are doing, you can even video chat with them.
while on this wonderful adventure of learning you even get yourself into a vacation adventure.
when searching through the library you never know what will find on the shelves.
no is not true just listen to the reasons why in a computer you can find people that you'r looking for.
interacting online can be a great experience for those who have friends and family who live far away.
the shelves would be blank.
i will now explain to you why the time we spend on computers is needed by stating these three reason.
if it's a book you dislike on a book shelf and you don't like it put out in plain sight.
in conclusion, computers are great because, kids can get there homework done, also its good for video chat finally because the internet is very resourceful.
besides all of the good things, computers do have bad qualities, too.
computers are needed to help people learn in our society.
some are single coloured.
the use social networks allows kids to put all their information there, for anyone to see.
computers allow people to interact with other people, see and discover other places and people, and teach hand-eye coordination.
computers have too many negaive features for me to cope with.
i love my classroom as well as my teachers.
computers really are a helpful, fun, and useful tool to society.
and this is why computers are needed in this society to use every day and thier comenly used and that are requirded.
to see if they are ok or if they are bad so they can know.
today libraries are not focused on the materials that they have on their shelves.
!, that is not the case here .
luckily her mother brought her to fast enough to be put on life support for hours.
you will lose artifacts and stories about the history of the world.
dear newspaper, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
of all people have either a facebook, a myspace, a skype, or all three.
in the wedding hall, i sat next to my mother.
you could be damaging your sight, time should be spent playing outside, and it'll make it harder to talk to people in person.
by that i mean the cable/enternet company should turn the internet and the cable off for a week of pure exercise.
the library should be an experience of a learning envirnment and only materials that will be a good help instead entertainment for pleasure.
computers teach you hand eye coordination, they give you the ability to learn about far away places, and allow you to communicate with others online.
those are all of any reasons for having computers from school reasearch to space and beyond.
i know that people need to use the things such as email, projects, ideas, or even models but really does anybody read a book anymore!
likeing a book is an opinion.
dear times, you think computers benefit society?
this in turn allows us to get more done.
all of a sudden you watch the remote fall to the ground you hand eye coordination is so bad you totally miss it when you try to grab it.
teaching you parents how to use is a great responsibility for your actions.
talking to in country is unbelievable.
this research can be used to write essays in school.
there is always that one person out of the bunch who has something negative to say.
this can be an advantage to someone that can't always get to classes.
computers are a very useful piece of technology because people use computers for paying bills, jobs and more.
how would you like to talk with someone all the way down in ?
and then these are the people who just like looking things up.
children should be allowed to read books such as , the , and in order to get a taste of how much times have changed.
it has a high hump.
if you really think about it, they aren't bad at all.
censorship in libraries?
then our teacher read out lovely stories.
today she works in a law ferm as presidental secretary.
they instant message, listen to music, go on , , or .
first, teens can do harmful stuff on the internet to themselves or others.
just because you made a mistake and picked up an offensive article, why take it away from others that enjoy reading them.
i believe that indeed certian books sould not be on libraries shelves.
i think that once you start talking with them online, finish up the conversation face to face or by telephone.
where when we are done with are gaine we whatch a little t.v.. then go to sleep to regain our energy we usually have atleast hrs.
there are all sorts of educational games and mind-buggling puzzles to do on the computer.
for , i play music and talk to my friends at the same time.
the reflecting of my own views along with the libraries, shows intertest in the materials for people all over the world.
i believe computers have a positive effect on people's life because you can do anything on the computer.
people also do not get to spend as much as their days outdoors and interacting with friends and family.
you don't have to have one, it's just a suggestion.
when my brother first got his computer he literally locked himself in his room for days.
any child exposed to the internet could be subject to all kinds of inapproite material, explicit canotent, bad language, cuss words, and disturbing images.
then you decide to go on the computer to get away from your troubles. ""
sorry about the lack organization towards the end, i ran out space.
indian culture clearly defines the importance of expressing love and obligations towards our parents.
helped the world to change in better way.
you can do two things, you can panic and let everyone down, you can go or the internet and save.
i used the computer just i typed up all of my homework except for my math.
if you need help with something the computer is allways there.
censorship is everywhere not just in libraries.
now i will explain in further details.
he is not very rich.
we could use energy for more important things that people any need.
there fore i do not agree with people who say computers benifit the society.
they can be entertained by online games, communicate with friends and family and receive news about what is happening around the world.
firstly, computers give entertainment.
this is the only means which has access to almost all corners.
it was the championship game.
you have so many links you can go to and sites.
it should have to be your parents decision to see if your ready or not.
by interacting with people like far away friends or unknown frieds.
the pigeons in the net also left the net to be flown and carried by others.
dear, i think that although computers are very helpful to socity.
the outside world.
exercising is more important than using the computer and knowing that you could be doing something use that you know is better wouldn't you do ?
computers are essential and effective techorlogy that are use by people around the country and world.
he guides us in every possible way.
your end up with saild facts to help with your final draft.
they can you.
i support the advance in technology especially in computers.
therefore, computers have no negative effect on people and they remain an essential asset in everyday life.
my mother blessed me.
they can help find long lost friend and keep in contact with them.
, , and are great ways to keep in touch with other people!
computers are just plain bad.
if these things were in labraries they can possibly show other childeren, inwhich it would not be good.
if students go to school and they are in high school they pretty much already know what is going on around the world.
i feel that people are devoting themselves to the computer.
these that just one grade class most students are addicted to it.
this amy not seen that important, but it is when you are anxious to learn.
then your going to pay for that as well.
you might be able to get rid of a few, but would probably never rid the shelves of all of them.
if kids watch, hear or read about violence, they are most likely to start being violent when they start hearing or reading about it.
its for your own good.
do the computer, you can find some resort for you and your friends and fanily, you can't be doing for more than minutes.
if is something in the book that is remotelly offensive towards children then it should be put under a section for adults only.
we also saw an elephant, a peacock, a litter of cubs and some fluffy little rabbits.
computers give us a way to communicate with long distance friends and family.
those are the three reasons that computers are posative.
reason two you stop excersizing.
using the computer this way is another terrific idea.
has anyone stopped to think that maybe people spend too much time on these websites to get any excersise?
it becomes very pleasant and cool.
web cames on computers allow people to talk with friends who live miles away.
also, it's so easy to get 's because you automatically get notified.
i've told you today why computers are bad.
they cost a lot of money cause people to stop exercising and become unhealthy, and teach children that things come easy in life.
too much computer can change a person such as changing their manners, the way they speak, and there attitides.
this teaches nto be ready for almost anything.
he works hard and loves his work.
computers give bored people passtimes.
they can also talk about if they want to go some fun.
gossip magaziines can be entertaining, but they can also be highly offensive.
but a michine can make you change in ten minutes.
the discution lead to the question of ""who is the that plaies in the ?""
schools practicaly live on computers.
this sound cpzy, yet it is a reality for over <@num1> of the population in .
with gaining more general knowledge you become smarter.
i think computers are an asset to the community.
so as you can see, people like different things and some are going to find these rescources offensive.
its the people who use computers, felt that they dont get exercise not the computers.
eigth grader says, ""i can take work i didn't finish in school home with the stick.""
when i think of that it makes me think of all the things we couldn't read in our world.
books give us the inspiration to do great things.
every night i keep a handful of grain on my window sill for birdie.
many articles and facts are online about anything you need,"" says .
but then he got his computer.
furthermore, children also have access to the public library.
dear , i am a child of the tech generation, or the generation in which technology has taken on a new meaning.
dear newspaper writers, i belev that difrent web sites have difrent effeks on people.
this is good because instead of calling people you can go on computer and talk to them for free.
took a poll about how many use the computer to do research and answered that they did.
then suppose one day her friends finds out she doesn't have a computer and embarasses her in front of everyone.
it is much more efficient than than having every thing in different site with millions of texters in every draw.
computers do not do that for us at all.
the large number of obese children is in large part caused by computers.
its like having a book with everything you will every need or want to know.
one was complaining how the farm books never get messed with.
lastly, when all else fails, the computer can be a great way to relax and clear your mind.
then having to go to college especially for working parents?
criticizing subjects of entertainment is downgrading different forms of art.
so, why in has this number skyrocketted to ?
there was a time when i borrowed a movie from the public library.
learning is important and with computers, you're able to learn faster.
computers can give you instructions on how to build stuff, step by step instruction to create a work of art.
thaipongal is celebrated by the hindus.
this is also good for people's benefits because, theres knowledge in every bit of it.
some of thoes websites can teach you about faraway places like , , and many more.
my mom makes all her plans by email and sometimes even e-mails herself from work to remember things.
i'm saying the offensive music should be removed
and it helps you with your school work, home work, research of a country, place, house, vacation you can do lots of things.
another posative tool computers gives us is making communicating esayer.
the easiest way of this was talking over.
world business need computers to contact eachother to decuss plans on how to move toward economicly.
you can get addicted to a game or something like facebook/ and be on there all the time.
do i find it offensive to some?
buisness people have excuses to have to use computers all the time.
projects are easy to fix to: so messing up isn't a big deal.
censorship is wrong.
he for gets about everybody.
even though we are the reason why books and other things are brought into libraries today.
computers have a really positive effect on jobs in our society, which is a good thing for our economy!
it would sometimes be a good idea not to search for something all night, or someones going to be mad at the electricity bill.
looking up places in sometimes.
he waters them.
what are you going to do with the thousands of books that you can no longer read because it is offensive.
it is on the ground floor of the school building.
now it time for you to go ahead and put this on the front page of your newspaper and let the whole world know.
exercise won't do that at all.
we know almost everybody has a computer even i do, but doesn't mean has to be used .
parcore is when a bunch of people do flips, off of buildings, walls, or anything they can find.
although, some people are worried about internet saftey and viruses, there are ways that those can be limited.
not only that but don' you think typing is faster than writing?
then with people not wanting to be there then the libraies wont have enough service and they will have to close.
books might have something things that you find offensive but, if you like the book so much you might as well finish it.
they used what every they find or see to keep them intertaned and for enjoiment.
do you want to be the one sitting on a coputer all day getting fat or do you wan't to be physically fit while getting exercise.
they censor you.
libraries just need to keep the books and magazines and movies on the shelf.
just saying the words drug or alcohol are not bad.
another reason that computers are bad is because of the internet.
also it would not matter to me how the library is run.
it is helpful, you can discover new things and much more.
so by you not burning off that fat you just keep gaining and gaining.
of the people i asked said they agree but of corse the others didn't care much.
exercise is very important it helps the human body grow and stay in fit.
it is humanity's decision and it must be made at this time when the world is at its greatest.
people won't feel like they've left or lost their family.
i acknoowledge that getting away from real life can be relaxing but some people dont know which side the stomp goes on a letter.
trees play an important role in purifying the air around us.
thus trees replace oxygen which is constantly used up and changed into carbon dioxide in breathing and burning.
that shows her important computers are and how convenient.
parents should sit down and talk with their children about not picking up those kinds of books if they don't want their child reading them.
i know you as a would not want to upset as many people as taking away computers would.
like in the music if the kids start listening to some bad music they will start saying those bad words and get in trouble at school and anywere else.
finally, i believe computer are a benifit to us because of comunication.
i have learned to deal with all of those things from books.
this nation was built on the grounds of freedom for what you believe in.
such as , , and even .
so many sciencest found their information in a book, because its easier.
dear , minute of the day - millions of computer users around the world hop onto their laptops or desktops, but is it always a good thing?
you might also learn about nature.
i see why you might think no, they should be outside, well let me tell you, cellphones and t.v.
computer also save a massive ammount of time.
the internet and computers are a wealth of information.
i understand there concern but there can be a way to stop them from getting to the inappropriate material.
labeling books clearly with any 'suggestive' content the book contain would help this issue tremendously.
should books, magazines, ect., be removed from shelves if they are offensive?
you can't blame computer's for people becoming lazy, since television was already doing that.
nobody would know much about other nations and news would travel slower.
dear , i disagree with those who support advances in technology, the people who think that computers have a positive effect on people.
over of population is obese and computers have been a major conributer.
this allowed us to email another school.
when u go places there will alway be something that one won't like not everyone likes everything.
and where does eating that music need to go?
computers help us with daily things and make many tasks, like writing an essay, much easier.
i certainly wouldn't buy a book that just looks strange or offensive to my child.
for example, elementary and middle school libraries should have a stricter censorship than high school libraries.
mostly everyone does the same.
but there are still alot of things a computer cant teach us how to do.
second, what seem 'offensive' to one person be perfectly fine for another, so the term 'offensive' is ambiguous in this case.
there are many people in the world that use computers every day and some that use it sometimes.
my fist reason why i believe that computer are a good thing is hand-eye coordination.
so the computer help with hand- eye coordination by using the mouse and keyboard.
did you forget the number of your favorite football player?
computers are good but have sideeffects getting addicted, being away from friends and family, and not exercising.
this problem needs to stop and be addressed by the police.
let the reader decide its value.
what if your kid wants to read a horror book and you choose not to let those kinds of books on the shelf any more.
they are good at students too.
try and see if you can find the first ancestor of your family.
grandma wanted me to get religious books and was okay with that and things like ' the ', and ''.
computers are for people.
some people might look at this question and instantly say yes.
discipline is very important for every school.
usually messaging people on myspace, facebook, twitter, and other social networks.
teens do talk about their lives so pretty much .
read this and sure you'll see it my way.
there are millions of videos and movies on youtube.
the section is there to catch adults eye.
they will be able to do more thing without messing up.
you just don't listen to it or you don't read it.
think i organize my ideas as much present them clearly.
you wouldn't have to wait for the news to show it.
alot of times in the library if i see a book i really like, i'll go buy it.
librarys have the right to diside how censored they want their material on their shelves to be.
even i was done reading this it i thanked the lord for computer, it helps us so much.
and the positive effect of a computer is it allows you to keep in contact online with friends and family instant messaging and email.
he has no consideration for others.
when there's no telephone reception between each other, they can still talk over one million people in the use these sights.
they saved money and paper because of powerpoints etc.
presentations, essays, graphs, anything.
if you have an email, you can "talk" to your friends that you dont see at school.
there you can meet people a develope a relationship with them.
we get newspapers early in the morning.
well, not only is a job being completed, but you are also exercising i remember last month when my class was assigned a five page essay.
you can talk to people on certain websites.
you can use the computer after school if you cann't go out and hang with your friends.
since technology is advancing, more and more people are going out to buy computers.
other people think computers are hurting the citizens.
computers can take you around the world without leaving your room.
computers and other technology make the way easier.
he is tall and healthy.
you can also tak when the phone is being used and you have something importain to tell them, such as helping them with their homework.
for example, say you like horror books.
spelling is not a factor now, because your computer tells you when a word is spelt wrong.
and computers do really break because people could download a game or something and then it gives it virus.
there's no doubt in my mind the computer has a very possative effect on every one!
so now while everyone is wondering what sort of effect the computer has, remember how easy that work was for me.
so in other words i do think libraries should be able to censor books, music, movies, and magazines
but robin is my best friend.
my belief on the topic is that you go into a lbrary knowing whats in a lbrary, books!
secondly, i want you to close your eyes.
have you looked outside lately?
the sction should be locked up so children can't get those movies.
he said that is is because they do not need to worry about taking much time out of their schedule to shop.
technological devices are more exciting than people teachers and definitely parents but do they offer more?
another way to speak to friends or family is a website called .
this is also helpful because if you are working on a project, and your mom cant you to get books at library, then there you go!
also, they can do jobs and processes very quickly, which is important in the workplace.
it cuts family interaction by destroying family relationships and bonds, not to mention communication.
computers have become advanced and the easiest thing to get things done with.
so as you have read i gave mt reason as how think computers impact our lives.
computers are a wonderful way to talk to other people.
did you ever turned on your .
like a job you print out a paper every week or day even.
studies show that out of students have computers at home and that person without computer access gets about of a lower grade because of poor research ability on projects.
they have pictures in them and anyone can look at a picture.
teenagers need to exercise three times a week for thirty minutes each.
when i was four years old, my best friends at the time moved to florida.
also, i think that having books that might be a little offensive makes that book more interesting.
this proves that computers can benefit society through teaching people hand-eye coordiantion.
we also learn about their traditions, and culture.
all of these can us research projects many other .
everyone has different views and ideas.
when i relax and enjoy a good book, i can't help but feel like nothing inthe world can touch me.
the reason i say this is because some people do get addicted on computer, it's to go on it some time's but not to much.
learning about faraway places/ people is always facinating.
in conclusion, computers benefit us in so many ways.
dear , computers have advanced our world so far into the future that practically everything is just a click away.
nowadays everyone uses the computer as their main form of communication.
all they can do is send a smily face or happy face.
do you really want a child to check something out that has violence, horrible language, and sexual innuedo?
an orange is round.
some people use the internet for doing homework.
who bans the books?
let's say you and you.
they all sing about gangs, narcotics, alcohol, and using women for favors.
we are always going to have these things that we do not want children to see, but we can start to eliminate some of them.
finally for basicly anything you want it for.
also, they don't enjoy all the wonderful nature the has to offer.
when teens start to fight they don't have control of themselves.
if we already know how to use them we don't need to worry about learning in life.
computer helps the world in many ways.
right now people would rather be on the computer then doing other stuff.since more people have been using the computer those people heven't enough exercise.
in closing, if people are offended by something on the shelves of a library then they shouldn't read, watch, or listen to it.
the effects computers have on people are only negative.
the library can be compared to a big computer.
from work for a business to school work, it doesn't matter.
and let's not forget .
adiction and distraction from the computer could cause important work to be ignored.
i live in the .
people today have so many options of things to do on the internet: , , oovoo, and alot more.
with exercising can go outside and play sport such as basketball, soccer baseball, etc.
should all these things be taken out on libraires and off the shevles?
yes, students should go exercise but all the time.
sitting around like a couch is not healthy.
on the computer accomplishing absolutely nothing.
lastly, they can help teachers create test or powerpoints which helps kids learn.
why limit themselves to typing to people, when they can talk to them?
if you have a project and you need more information than books give you then just use google or ask.com.
if there is a cake to be made the computer will have recipies to make .
i blame that grade on not having a computer at home.
you can do a lot more things on a computer that you cant do on a piece of paper.
profanity, nudity, and crude humor, as well as many other things, are all over the media, including books.
you can play games, take quiza and tests, go to school on the internet, even listin to music, that is important for us to express.
not just because they can learn far greater with a book as a resource, but that the two congressional laws say it should be
it is relly quite easy.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
a child can just as easily come across the wrong track to take ones innocence.
i know there are alot of websites that match you with someone based on what you like and do.
humanity relies way to much on the computer.
she made me sit in the second row.
first the computer we could use at for every thing like go to other place you want to visit.
enjoying nature you can have a good time and relax.
now if you organize your thoughts on the computer, and are able to look through them again at why a huge alleviated.
a computer is a great resource for the public.
haven't you heard?
so instead of that free time to exercise, they will probably be on facebook.
also, just communicating with friends!
if you want to know more about different cultures such as .
computers allow you to type up that book report, or make a very important letter look professional.
its a public places and no one wants to see anyone with those books in the librarey.
arguing to take away the material that some like will only cause tension to rise and make matters worse.
in conclusion, you could see that computers benefit us in many ways.
as humans it is not easy to understand othe people's thoughts and it could turn kinda of hard to accept the opinions that extrangers from us can apport.
humans that have to much on time on their hands.
parents and teachers should insist upon children to read more books.
computers also help me out with homework.
it's nothing wrong with doing that because that is my choice in life.
i find these are resons that show that computers don't have a bad effect on people.
you use your computer to much you can be at risk of becoming obese.
also the computers in today's time are beautiful because they have the internet.
nature is so beautiful, why ever it?
i constantly use the computer to practice spanish buy using a website with worksheets a flash card to help me.
censorship is the censoring of a piece of material so it is not legally or publically available.
computers make our lives easier.
i once read a quote that said something a long the lines of understatnding leads to tolerance.
last, but not least, computers have a great effect on a majority of people.
would'nt you wan't to uphold those amazing events also?
though the computer wasnt the one who made her obese, it was used as a much to hide behind the real problems.
we went there by bus.
first of all i think things shouldn't be removed from library shelves because people don't like the items because they get offended.
dear , i think that if a book is on a shelf the book should be taken off if found offensive.
some people like the content it shows.
you've got a winner!
is usually online.
i have once had to find a recipe for carmel apples and to do so i used the computer.
if a book is taken out of a library other libraries will have to remove it also, and other libraries won't buy it.
as long as they'er not on there for more than two hours, then they're fine.
addition itself is a serious health issue.
in my opinion i think you should know the compouter because it helps for school homework or projects, talking to family far away and finding new friends.
censorship is a big controversy in modern society due to the fact of so many opinions being conveyed through all the new medias in the modern world.
everyone should be able to read, research, or watch anything they want at a library.
for example, i visit my grandparents and i decied to my phone.
i know someone who has a and after school all they do is talk to people.
however, in today's world books are a major type of entertainment and are important in the knowledge of everyone.
also, connect humans with each from half way across the .
they do not need to read about how guys rob places and are crimanals.
now computers are destroying society making people fat, socialy weird, and less educated.
although, there are other things that can be found in the library as well.
thats one reason why computers have a negative impact on the society.
some people think that computers take up too much time for the important things.
, with the lump in the throat she asked 'do you know where i find my father?'
it's because of the computer.
thats why parents need to interact a lot.
instead of waiting days for a letter, in a matter of minutes you can have a message sent to your friends.
so many people are diferent and each person likes something diferent from one another.
i could not believe my eyes.
dear newspaper, have you ever grabbed a nice cold cake and sat at your computer desk?
young adults spend hours on websites like , , and communicating with their friends.
three, there is a better way to solve this problem
without that computer telling the machines what to do everything practically wouldn't work!
computers make life so much easier.
this is the case in anything for example movies, books, and daily life.
or have you ever wanted to learn about a famous person, for example, ?
its not all .
if you do not like something said or seen in some of the materials, then do not read or watch or listen to any of them.
you just might make a new friend along the way.
my first reason of why i feel computers have positive effects on people is because they can help develop skills that one has and not realize.
there going to be able to listen to that song on the radio anyway.
laptops are cary round computurs.
these are my three reasons why you should not stay on the computer, the more you the more you will want to stay.
there are chat rooms, that have typing to eachother.
we can't just take materials off the shelfs of libraries.
if you force something upon a society of readers, then what will they have left for their own minds' freedom?
some people dont have phones but do have computers.
instant message them, and video chat with them, instead on having to face out money to make long distance calls.
my teacher said that he has been grading more strictly often and the grades are still up by on computer and internet research projects.
but they can also be used for researching anything you can imagine.
you get the tome of voide in addition to the facial expressions.
if people find a book offensive they don't have to look at it or check it out.
how would you feel if your teenager is always on the phone with friends!
a college university took poll one time.
the unemployment rate is high because they suppose they ""don't have enough time"".
this is why computers are good.
it helps with communicating with other people.
people can lose track of time & be on the computer for hours.
they allow us to learn about faraway places, communicate with others, and inspire the world around us with our ideas.
the postman’s life is very hard.
it makes it easier to work on projects.
there are also articles that everyone should read about, like somebody who saved a whole lot of people on .
let me excplain.
if i wanted to go to a far away place like .
teacher is a person who builds the nation.
you know what they say, 'if it ain't broken, don't fix it.'
whether it is books, movies or music, a person always has the choice of whether or not they want to be in contact with that item.
in they could go to world or the to learn all about & how it is in a .
when you are on the computer you are not exercising you body.
the postmen work day in and day out.
you can play games, do homework, socialize but don't you think there are better things than that.
dear local newspaper, opinion for using ""too much"" computer time is an outrage.
when you use the to communicate over a cell phone.""
the problem is, not many people do that.
information, put them in order, and give them to us when we need them.
this is how i grew up.
what could cause this phenominon.
the computer, in this instance, has made - positive impact an society.
way to meet and interact with new and interesting people.
my second reason is to have a job in the computer business.
we also watched the movie to get a better understanding of the differences between our time periods.
we will rewrite ourself in history as the that made a chane and got rid of computers.
doing this will get great results and keep doctors prepared if computers, dont work.
things such as sex offend people because you beileve it promotes sex to young teenagers or young kids but thats not the case.
computers won't effect out health if we dont use it for a long time, computers could help students making project.
the first reason why is that most spend their time social networking.
it was meant to catch your attention right off the first sentence of the story.
children don't know the first thing about nature and.
i'll describe more of what i mean in the following letter.
no one should have the right to take that away
computers need to be used to do most jobs in .
i think this a very important skill.
many people depend on computers.
is another reason why computers do benefit society.
at least computers don't rot your brain.
i'm here to prove you wrong and tell you that they can actually benefit todays society.
to begin, computer can give you tips on things you didn't know, so it can also be a learning center.
the time is now to understand the full benefits of computers.
in my computers class.
they could go visit their family more often, go out for lunch with their frinds.
my uncle has a horse that runs like the wind.
just because it's bad doesn't mean that it has to completely vanish from the face of the world.
spending too much time on the computer and not getting exercise is a major negative effect computers have on people.
nature is very important and can be extremely fun, so this is a shame.
its the people that can't control themselves when they get around it or see it or even hear about it.
removing all of these offending books, you would basically be removing half the books in the library.
some things are like what pictures it contains, launguage it contains, and what kind of advertising is.
also, you have relatives who live across the country, you could use webcam to talk with them.
we should not have an eye on other’s wealth.
some kids go there just to get a book to enjoy.
or edioter of local newspaper.
that is my opinion why i think people should get excersise, enjoy nature, and spend time with their families insted of being on the computer .
it refreshes the mind.
the computers are good to have because they can online that they dont have as a place to walk into or if they do its .
i always go to dictonary.com so that website could give and help understand the word and get the real definition.
they suggest another reading, or offer other ideas, but to go as far as getting the book completely removed is not right.
but these things must be read and heard and passed down through history so it isn't forgotten.
's embarrasing, innappropriate and against the law yet still happens.
thank you for reading my opinion.
having cereals every day would keep us away from many illnesses.
magazines are the least offensive object that is placed on a shelf.
hardly anyone goes out in exercise, or to enjoy nature.
so i urge you to write an article about this to stop the growing sickness known as health problems due to technology.
this outrageous number of hours the vital the to exercise, therefore allows their bodies to adopt to the habits of the children sleep, eat, computer.
is there really one person who could make a such a choice for everyone?
one might think that is good but its slow with computers you can send emails and have the person on the other end reply instantly because of computers.
computers could also help us with our every day life.
for example out of people love computers more than life itself.
having differently finding specific information?
this crisis is interfering with school, work, or excersize.
even if people don't have the program they can learn how to type fact without having to look down.
somebody on that day in a room, with their eyes to the computer screen.
finaly you can talk and interact with friends.
computer can deprive you of the nature that surrounds you.
you can also chat with people online.
let's say i enjoy movies, books, or magazines about hunting and people find it offensive to kill animals for the fun of it or for food.
this is alarming because at that rate people never get to know each other and the world become an electronically based workspace.
there are plenty of important activities, such as, spending time with family, enjoying nature, and school work and jobs.
as students, we must learn good manners.
many arguments have been lead to because of the disagreement.
many people like computer and like to use them for many different kinds of reason.
it is a quite easy to find something out, or research a topic using a computer.
now it's rare for a kids to be motivated to put down the mouse, and go play kickball with neighborhood) friends.
my second reason why i think that they are not spending too much time on computers is because you can do your homeworks their and can help you with .
of through , , etc i believe that computers have a possitive affect on people and once a great addition to society.
it was a pleasant day.
the speed of instant messaging can make it seem like they are in the same room instead across the ocean.
only use computer or or mins.
in conclusion you live a happier life when explore the.
i can take over your life.
computers are an addiction that kids can't break.
please consider the following.
this shows because as time progresses while you are on the computer you realize that typing becomes easier.
work get finished a lot a quicker on the computer so you have more time to do other things like hang out with friends.
with this new technology, you can earn degrees and learn in a short period of time.
due to a computer he found the diamond underground, beneath the ancient temples.
for example, in life sombody offend another person, but that does not mean the offender is going to dissapear after doing so.
i have seen people, classmates in particular, that do not desire to read because they feel that a novel has offended them.
as an illustration, one time one the news i heard a story about a girl who was tensed on the internet.
and, if something was wrong.
for examples my pictures of my baby cousins so people can see how their growing up.
take for instance the movie ' .'
these electronics are causing.
but some facts are actually im getting is that no one need a computer to look up or do research on projects.
than the children learn and they go out there and do the same thing.
positive effects computers have - are that they are quick and reliable, and they are fun to use.
dont you think?, i do.
books about abortion give us an idea about how horrible it is or how it can not only effect the women who go through with it.
due to time difference, it is hard to stay in touch.
this is has the computer helps the world.
my friend recently purchased a sony laptop.
in conclusion to all of my facts, computers are good.
society is losing its communication skills.
everyone that has used it said it really improved there reaction time.
people will be amazed.
all in all i believe that most books are based off of reality and other peoples visions on the world and what they see.
secondly, the computers has all the latest news happening all over the world.
i have a computer, but i can only go on if after i finish my homework.
so we shouldnt take books off the shelfs just like magizens.
your hands are a big thing in like and they are helpful in a lot of ways.
an internet preditor is someone that uses the computer to get people they dont know do inapropriate things.
years later they're maried and are more in love than imagined.
this is part the problem because kids can't get off them, they like it so much.
shouldn't be removed from the shelves.
there are a lot of fun things you can do outside like climb a tree or going fruit picking.
almost every college student has a computer or laptop.
also of students say that they usually go online to study or get the pages for homework.
secondly, computers have also increased medical care and have been the cave between life or death.
are you ever sitting home with nothing to do?
websites like and recommend other sites to go resaerch.
with computers people are not active enough, don't enjoy nature often, or interact with others as much.
dear newspaper , people are now using computers.
i remember the times when i had a project due at school, and i guessed on.
should books, music, etc; be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
kids lately have been making lives on the internet.
if the books with questionable content had a sticker on them telling the reader that, then it could benefit both sides.
people share computers with other people they can't not share it because it wouldn't be fair.
books are always important , even though i do not like to read that often i still like to read books that interest me.
in conclusion, society should have computers because we could learn about things more and we could chat with people.
and they wonder why families these days are turning out the way they are the source of the cause is computers.
there are many nice things to do on a computer, like chatting with friends, checking your e-mails, and facebook.
this is why using the internet will help you be the successful person that you want to be in life.
he works very hard but his pay is less.
no matter what your opinion on issue is, there will always be someone who opposes of it.
computers have caused a massive amount of obesity in the and that number is growing everday.
its cool to not have to even got up to get what you want.
i know computers are but they do have a positive effect on people.
if you don't like it then don't get it.
the other day my friend came up to me and said meet my friend i met online!
who would disagree that computers are devoted to educational purposes?
another reason why i dont think computers benifit us is because you can be scammed very easily on the computer.
some people do not think before they speak or do something.
when you take a real good look at computers you will see they are just good.
in our school special attention is paid to behavior, cleanliness, and punctuality.
my mom move.
everyone likes enetertainment and the computer in the the best plan.
also, it helps people talk to people from different countries.
if they don't, they will most likely eat more and gain a lot of unwanted fat.
with computers, you can search all the latest stories and find things cut when you want to know them.
our home computers have been great at teaching me thing like hand-eye coordination.
as an adolesent, they are very vulnerable to all the bad stuff that life can bring.
using computer to learn about different places is easy.
this moves than easier to road the teacher and provides useful tools like spell check.
in fact, about half of the people taking college classes right now... aren't even in a school!
there is a book for everyone in the library; it's a matter of finding it.
without hand-eye coordination people will be clumsey.
he tells me he has his laptop on his lap, surrounder by junk food.
first, i highly agree with the people who think computers are useful.
i think that we should read about war and witch them because it is a good way to learn our mistake.
censorship should no longer be tolerated because it affects the writers, school system and escpecially readers.
have you connect.
keep enhancing computers so that i can advance my knowledge, increase my hand-eye coordination and get to see my far friends and family.
another reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because you could get in trouble.
you are looking at a virtual landsacape.
just how some of my friends said that they feel relaxed when they read a book.
personally i think computers have a good influence on people.
what is considered a valid subject for a high school research paper include information that is not suitable for all groups of people.
she can not talk phone because so what do you do you.
one of my friends was a victim in that and it ruins you.
secondly, the computer helps you communicate to friends and family for in the world.
what is not to love?
computers keep photos saved that can be edited and even just saved to be admired.
i have a and a and they're not that bad.
entertainment pushes that concept, but adds everything in it to show the reality of it.
there are the reasons for why i believe you should go for the cause of computers.
you can send people or even chat someone.
we sure need computer to look up information these days.
they can teach you things that most books cant, such as hand eye coordination also about the current populations of countrys and cities.
my first reason is you can find stuff online.
i wonder why people disagree, and i hope that after reading this, you will too.
stated, ""this shocking means that most -if not all- all people are unhealthy physically, which is a problem that must be solved.""
without computers it would be harder to neatly type assignments, print out pictures, and getting information.
travelling makes us see things, people and places with our own eyes.
it was dusk.
as the people of the world are starting to use the computer more and more, i think it has a extremely positive effect on people.
family is the most important part of your life and if computers are getting in the way, computer use absolutely has to be changed.
we were gaven that right so why wouldent we use it?
the above reasons tell you why i believe that exercise is more important than spending time on the computer.
its something they can't really control though, so you can't really blame anyone for you being offended.
i ask my parents and they eaither say we don't have enough money or you don't need it and i just move on with my life.
well that is your opinion because, if a biology teacher seen a book like that then they might want to check it out.
so we can call people.
by using word, exell and other microsoft ware.
will effect their life in some way.
in addition if a student forgets, losses, or is missing homework, they can log on the school website and print the paper out.
sites such as facebook are certainly popular with this generation of teens.
the viewer should not expect to check out a rated '' movie, and see no material with foul language, violence, or other 'offensive' subjects.
that opition is useful for children that attend school , looking to find information for a certain project they need to finish.
books need to stay put in the libraries that they are in
they might go find a book, movie, or cd that is not there age group.
theres too much real life drama already.""
half of my mom's boyfriends were from these sites.
when you spend alot of your time on a computer then you will get addicted.
some for the youngre kids some for the older.
in our modern day society computers are crucial tools that help organize files, do reasearch, and pleasurable online networking.
every book has a meaning or message that all should know about.
help our world by teaching about faraway places and their cultures, uniting our world with new techniques of talking and helping workers to have a better job.
so thanks to both sides, stores sell to you what you perfer.
i think computers have a positive effect on people because people use them for research.
instead of finding the birth date of , she found a book making fun of and calling them inappropriate names.
she does not focus on her work like she should and because she doesn't, her grades go from 's to low 's.
the tent was decorated with colorful lights.
dear newspaper people, i think that computers do benefit society for a few reasons.
people were ordering online to get new computers.
to end my acticle i want you to think about whats offensive to you not bee the same for others.
if a person wants to buy their own music, artists are required to make two of the same album, one with censors and one without.
you can be able to type well and very fast after a while and improve your eye sight by reading your writing or notes for a paper.
computers are not only fun, but very resourceful.
dreams of incrediable rockets and medicines and cures far diseases just won't happen.
i mean would you rather have friends or be lonely.
for example, in we just finished reading the book ' of .'
its fun and easy to lurn how to use.
because people who dont like writing usually just have a computer to type on.
so many people go to the libary a day.
those are only my main reasons they are many more.
finally, computers can teach you life lessons by reading articles another person wrote.
some people just get offended because they think it's directed toward them, and they take it personal.
i want to be able to study about polar bears and the glaciers without needing to worry.
therefore the market place is an important centre in the town.
is a termendous increase in only month!
if we do not have any books then are eyes would be bad.
the computer can also have an affect on family members and the time spent with them.
almost everything on the computer has to be read so gives a lot of practices.
they ere also resourceful for pictures or maybe even powerpoint presentation!
so i think some people should go outside to do exercis and enjoy the nature.
when im not in school i try to stay away from everything that reminds me of it, like libraries.
now they cannot ever play the game for it might cause serious brain damage.
in my opinion, i would say that computers have negative effects on us.
give the book a chance for it have a power that is unrealized.
the year two thousand would supposedly be when all computers shut down and didn't work.
they also save important files and precious pictures.
last but not least, computers are not only a fine tool for school, but are necessary to succeed with your education.
books provide facts and more reliable information than what you can hear from people.
homework can be made easier, connecting with others is easier, and entertainment like and video games are a click away.
communicating through 's is so over-rated, people can't express their emotions!
just last week a friend of mine had forgotten to write down their homework and easly contacted online.
the benifit are major and it doesn't cost anything to chat.
in this time try and find a good action movie without cuss words in it.
because computers help people, are reliable, and can educate people.
it's a real fun way of learning!
to wrap it all up, computers save us money everyday.
inside there were pictures revealed that my mother was not to happy about my brother seeing.
next time you visit the check and see what kids in your local towe are talking and reading about.
i think that books, magazines, papers etc shouldn't be removed from the librarys because some like to them.
and it made me hurt because i go to chruch and read the @caps6-@caps8-@caps9.
it's that simple.
i feel that some of the books we have in our libraries today just shouldn't be there.
the senior students provide help to the junior students in the hostel.
if you are spending all this time on your computer you will be out on in your family.
have you ever played a game where you had to cath fist, or playes a fast-pasle game of pinball?
computers also allow us to learn about far away people and places.
the technology of a computer is farther than any other item.
he wants to try new things.
peolple are spending too much time on computers instead of on other activities, an effect not beneficial to society.
it ruins their social lives, and other bad things.
in truth, the author was just trying to convey how the teenage girl feels and what happens when you go through with something like that.
comuter has everything you need on as person & so much more.
instead of sitting on a computer all day, they can do something a lot more productive such as taking a walk starting a club (adult once children!
you woudn't want to be like these other people right?
we can live for a few days without food.
this way you can still have time to go out side, play with friends, and interact with family members.
with the advances in technology average people can be updated on the new around the world every minute.
first of all, having less time exercising is not good because out of people ent up fighting obesscicley.
it is electricity that makes our refrigerator, geyser, television, mobile phone work.
at a local library you can find hundreds of books, all of different matter, a different style and of different stories.
ducks were swimming in the ponds.
computers have done lots of things but not as much stuff as the did for buisnessed.
we should always give respect to our elders and teachers.
everyones offended in different ways from another, so we can't help if little book, song, etc., offends a person.
they provide education for anyone who has access to the internet.
he found out that kids all over the the country were learning about what had happened to his ancestors and that the defeated the .
it teach you hand-eye and the helps your brain and sight.
you just stare at the screen, which is not good for your eyes.
losing one can be very sad.
because people and kids think they need these books to survive in the world.
materials at libraries should not be censored because the materials allowed at the libraries would decrease.
all the teachers like him.
i got so tired from being on the computer for so long i took a nap.
computers are a great source of information.
or the predators be less postive and attack directly-asking questions to the child themselves.
i undertand and respect everyones opinion on this matter, i am just voicing mine.
these hackers know who you are, your family, your personal information, and where you live.
world communication has also opened up many business opportunities.
but there are some games that people tend to over do because they go addicted.
a person who is addict will say "" supposed to go to they gym but let me check my twitter first!""
computers are also used in schools to help students with their work, even teachers use the computer for grades.
taking away topics that are well liked even with words or contents of what they are reading is not fair to the readers.
you can learn about nature, cool websites even history.
earth has many things to offer, new things to explore and discover.
you can't tell them what books should be one the shelf and what cant be on the shelf.
they can say for very hour your on the computer you have to do an hour of exercise.
, i strongly believe that we need computers.
the hostages of the computer can't even sped time with their families.
social networks only just make this even worse.
for starters, computers are harmful because they are very bad for our eyes.
book has a lot of bad words, sexual scenes, drugs, gang violence, racism.
people are addicted to computers because of the games and being able to go on the .
says, " you are at the computer all the time you will need glasses or a stronger."
my second reason for being is that it can help teach said and life skills.
what is supposed to be minutes grows into an hour or two that take away from your family.
i almost had no desire to live.""
consequently, peope spend most of their time inside on the computer, you guessed right!
nature is at her best in the morning.
computers teach hand eye cordanation.
also, sometimes computers can take over peoples lives.
also many games and computer simulation have helped many people learn new things, are countless learning games and simulations that are acessable by computer.
those headaches over time can become even worst.
the game goes for adults that love jobs in offices, schools or anywhere else.
fighting and killing is not good.
my opinion about this topic is that it is more important for children to do things other than sit on the computer all day.
think of it this way, if you watch a kid that didn't have to go to school his entire life and he started off at pounds.
it would be easier for work, and when you're bored, you could play some fun games.
some people would be offended at a book with a cross on it.
is a student which is very hard to get.
books have pictures, or they even be poem books.
in conclusion, computers are a very important part of everyones life.
so i don't think that the effect of the computers on people is a good thing.
so you see a nice, old lady looking at one of many books throught a library, she chucks .
in , typing is a valuable skill that most jobs nowadays require.
once again i believe computers are good and that more than half of america use them.
but why should we remove books, magazines, movies, etc from shelves?
first, spending too much time on the computer can be bad for your health in many ways.
about of people do this and it's not healthy.
first of all, in my perspective, having a computer, allows me to communicate to people i've met on past vacations.
then came along and made me a somebody.
in my opinion, having computers is avery nice thing and does good in our society.
another reason computers are great is their accessability to the internet.
they carry news, intertainment, comics, or tips on how to do somethng.
last winter, our family went to simla, a famous hill station.
also people people have the right to choose what they want.
therefore, students, children and adults would benefit by having better handwriting.
communication is souly run by the commputer.
i thought to my self he's always on the computer never for any school reason.
you would be mad at them and wonder why.
we are lucky enough today that most large books can be formated onto a computer.
even though there are certain books or movies out their that chidren should not touch, i still feel as if they shouldnt remove anything off th shelves.
i rember when i lived in country we never had to reely type anything unless it was a project.
saving trees help us stay alive.
i have to study hard to become a doctor.
there are no bad reason that could top any of these.
typing letters while looking at a screen is using the hand eye coordination.
i remeber as a kid i would watch my grandmother type about seventy-five words per minute.
books are sorted by genre for that reason as well; different genres apeal to different people.
he has to remain on duty in the hospital.
this should be a high priced reason for agreement!
others say that sitting down and not moving while learning is bad, but you could search about family activities nature walks and new and exciting excersises.
if you have ever been to a bookstore or library you how hard it is to find the book your looking for.
what if you want to talk to a friend?
don't you think it can wait until later?
even though computers are every useful tool in the modern world.
my second reason is you can learn about new places.
with a computer the knowledge of the world can be found by anyone.
for exam pull has news about what is going on in the world.
i lthink that the games on th should be removed so people could enjoy all of the great things in life.
people should at least be trusted enough to use their own conscience.
the more you know could just save the world.
also it helps with our buisnesses this is why i think that computers have benifited our society.
computers are expensive.
there are just alot of types of movies out there and its not the producers fault that we do not like it.
through ideas such as this, you are not only taking knowledge, but also implanting lies into the heads of the next generation.
i mean in sounds corny but can happen.
with computers kids are rarely going outside.
i do this training because i play baseball.
for example, you can communicate with people, conduct business, and you can use it to learn.
computers should disposed of before they cause the end of the world.
in surgery computers help by only haveing to make a tiny insision and can be much more acurate than human sergons which save lives.
dear editor, i believe that computers are a great and fun tool.
some people dont know going on in the computer can direct us to news the computer is literally like one huge look of use .
also it gives a great learning ability to people, particularly student.
for instance, it's not safe and children can get into all sorts of things on the internet.
if you don't get out and play or exercise, you will become tired.
that shows all the wolds state and countrys and even where we live in our country.
by taking certain books, music, movies, or magazines off the shelves, we are limiting the amount of materials for people to borrow.
we must always practice good habits because they are essential to living in society.
generally children should be running around burning off their calories; even some people in their teen years should.
thank you for your time to read this, i hope you can find a way of going in to this subject more.
even a child interactions chatting with friends on or , anything could be said.
when in a library environment people tend to be more and more on task.
there will always be a certain movie or book you don't care for ,but others might.
there are thing that you enjoy doing and things that you emjoy reading, listening, and looking, etc that other people dont like or hate about it.
you use computers to write, play games, look at pictures, and print work out.
you know computers, help the earth there a fast way to spend information, and they let you talk and see your freinds online.
they use my all parts for their various purposes.
in my own opinion, i believe that with out offencive remarks or words there wouldnt be any humor in books and stuff today.
other things it could teach you is how to get from one place to another without stopping to ask people where a place is.
it is the crying need of the hour to plant more and more trees.
when you hear a bad song coming on when you have little kids near you, you should turn the station to a differnet station.
but then, they would have no books left on the book shelf for any of them to read.
disagreement isn't the easiest thing, but just because it's hard doesn't mean you have to give up.
the computer is also a great place for friends to contact each other through social networking sites, such as , and .
dear local newspaper, you can see, about of our population over use the computer.
it can be a novel, .
that means that they want to be something when they grow up.
hopefully you can see how a computer can have positive effects on so many people.
however, people still think computers are good.
one way computers benefit society is it doesn't make people stand arcuna a book store or libray hours at a time.
the internet is a great way to keep intouch with friends and relatives.
do you like to use computers well i do and i think it benfits society for a couple of reasons.
researcher said that almost of family's live faraway from eachother.
you can look up almost anything on the computer, prices, places, facts, anything!
music would be another thing you would deffinitly have to watch out for because with each song could change how the languge is in that cd.
i looked out through the window.
an then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
dear local newspaper, people all around the globe are using computers!
do you ever go outside anymore?
both me and think that this is affecting people in many different ways.
without a computer, people would have no way of asking questions and end up getting it wrong.
i went to see a village fair with my friend.
that is why i have written this letter to you.
by starting now we can make a difference in the lives of thousands.
they say they are working on hand-eye coordination, but in reality they are wasting away their lives on a chair.
you can multi-tase so simply with just one electronic device and that is the computer!
you can also do things while your on the computer, hold your dog, hold your cat, eat, drink, text, call.
work, pay bills and even entertain ourselfs.
it was a play boy bunny magazine.
it is our job to help people over come the side affects of computers.
i had to find a lot of info so that also means a lot of books and a lot of reading.
now, happy, healthy, and educated young and old amaricans.
in my opinion to i honestly think there are more bad effects then good effects for computer's.
if they are writing about the 's why would they try and clean up the grammer that was spoken from that time.
we need these books for future generations so that we are able to teach and guide them.
i feel this way because it can warn us about a natural disaster.
i had just joined middle school.
students stay in hostels and they study also.
many people will not enjoy the outdoors, people will spend there time on the computer, and a lot of people will gain wheight to inactivity.
how unhealthy it is, to many people.
when my dad was in search of his childhood friend he typed his name on and ended up calling him minutes later!
i have seen some books, magazines, music, and movies have are cusswords.
but now with a computer all that can change.
is it really worth sitting in front of the computer all day eating?
no i dont think so, computers are very bad and are used to often.
it can be seen, how work gets done faster, however the cost of medical treatments actually surpasses the little extra profit gained by modernizing.
and it not only helps with baseball, but with other sports such as juggling, golf or tennis.
many teens gravitate to the young adult section because it includes age-related material.
some things just need to be left in the past and kept there.
i'm sure they're buy them educational games for online.
secondly, computer can be used for learning different things as well.
not everyone has the same views as eachother.
the driver was badly hurt.
if every one was the same the world would be boring and there would be notheing to talk about.
if people are doing such innapropriate things on them why don't the makers of the computers block them?
i hope this really is an eye-opener to the negative effects computers have on us.
computers just simply are a hassle in 's world.
also every thing they get from the computer you get from book.
the materials that are offensive to people could be in a special place in the library to comitdate everyone.
you should manage a time schedule so you can still get excercise dont use the computer if needed.
my first reason is people do is surf the web.
but our class don't want that to happen.
let's just get rid of it all!
my class room is in the second floor.
then it would make everybody fit and health if they try.
the is not always a safe place to be on.
i was at a library one time and there way these to guys.
well, i can i have and know they need and it benefits them.
lets say that you are having a buisness meeting and you have to write a five page report with pictures and a graphs.
computers have helped todays life for a few different reasons.
how would you feel if no one was out getting excrise, and no one was using the playgrounds, parks and beachs.
if someone doesn't like the movie we loved, and they take it away it's not fair and buisnesses will lose customers.
it makes us creative.
secretly left his house and went because he was curious.
without computers, i would not be able to do this.
past the time.
being in a library there are lots of choices to see and check out.
but i believe that they should not have to take books, music, magazines, etc.
you can use the computer to learn how to do something like making somthing and a lot more.
computers allow you to learn about foreign places and cultures.
some people agree that there should only be thnigs that is age appropiate for everyone, others disagree.
so i think that it would be helpful to get all the bad magazines that were made and throw them away and things mite change.
mom says that ""i should hang out with family and friends more often.""
some parents say that that is a way to study and a waste of time.
the doctors’ advice patients to take orange juices as a medicine.
the information you could get out of non-function books, you could find in turn minutes on the internet.
i think society spending too much time in the computer.
i say this because now-a-days there are inappropriate websites that children should veiw, and it takes away time with family.
if a business is not making any money, then they're going to have to be closed down.
yes, maybe computers are away time with family but what about or in that you have at to in over a year?
computers can help you so much if you need an answer.
i show a lot of respect to those people on a daily basis.
i believe that by leaving the books, movies and magazines on the shelves in a seperate area of the library isn't a bad idea.
many people say that watching tv and going on the computer is the same things.
censorship, or the removing of material deemed inappropriate or offensive, has been used as a means of controlling people's thoughts and feelings for many centuries.
i mean come on, how many college students do you see without a laptop?
if we do not learn from their mistakes, history repeat itself.
in the he tries out for baseball.
thanks to computers the time is now to accet people should have computers to use to lern about the or just think what everyone sayes.
""have you change your mind?
computers are only helping in aid in the growth of society.
but if you go on a website like facebook you can talk for free.
books like that usually deal with bad things.
how would you video chat with someone without or ?
no, it might not be, so does that give that person the right to pull it off the shelf permanatly so no one else can read it?
in the olden day’s people were not civilized they lived in rock caves and on huge trees.
computers are a great way for kids of all ages to learn & communicate with another & others.
i know some people think computers are very usefull,but i know now, after you have read this article, you know how unuseful computers really are.
meaning that its up to you what you like and you are forces to read or listen to anything you don't want to.
we, rather feel pain at the disorder.
censorship is irrevelent, for having all forms of music, movies and magazines stripped of the truth, what does that leave?
public libraries should invest in a way to keep underage kids from checking out inapropriate materials.
hour after hour of gaming online and posting blogs on social networking sights is all one sees.
a young girl about never apperciated nature until her parents made her stay in a month.
, my friend, found out her aunt diagnosed last year with cancer.
i think that computers can be very useful with directions, work, school work but you shouldn't spend alot of time on them.
people should be focusing on family and friends rather than playing games on the computer.
they add great saftey and protection to average people like you and me.
computers are the best technology we've created.
another fun thing to do is interact with friends online or even talk to any family don't live near you.
life would be very hard without them.
is it worth it to use all that time.
this leads to my next paragraph.
first you need to learn about the of the keys and where they are positioned on the keyboard.
that is what most likely would happen if the books, magazines, movies music, etc., were found offensive and were taking off the shelves
yesterday, when i was on the computer i got bored and did some random searching, and in that min.
if parent place him son the websites and also make it so only freinds can you profile you will be alot safer.
although i would have found it slighly rude, another person have found it to be a nice compliment.
don't make the same mistake as me readers of the current.
computers are good and benefit a lot of people in these ways.
of children who uses the thev internet for students for studies are the ones that will be a grade ahead of the best of this or her classmates.
now the last thing i'm going to tell you about is how you can talk to you friends over the .
also, children can get more involved with school sports so they can not only be participating in sports, but they can be involed with school too!
he took it out on the water in , at our home, and the engine and motor were broken.
don't let these reson come between you and your life.
on our way to the museum, he told me stories of the kings and queens of our country.
you should be safe on the computer because now and days 's dangerous is appalling that people spend more time on the computer than with ther own family.
it is always good to have friends, and stay in touch with family.
anything from to to country and back can be.
the advance in technology has upgraded computers, and now allows people to communicate through them.
if people would seek to understand more, then the conflicts of different beleifs would not be as common.
this means that friendship will wont see each other if they spend all day on the mental health when they turn on the computer.
the reason is, is because just because you don't like something that one book might have in it dosen't mean that another person won't.
what about nature?
basketball is played between two teams.
when it comes to some things some are more opinionated than other, but in the end we all have something that we feel strongly about.
if we see that one person can do it, we think, why can't i?
the only diffrence now is the technology is there but you are not allowed to use it.
of course, this could effect a child in a negative way.
my first reason why i believe computers benefit society is because computers are a great source to use do school work with.
first of all, people that stay on the computer wont have much fun on othe poeple.
some people do not agree with most things, but that is something they will have to face, because not everyone can be happy
our capacity to work increases.
there are points of computers that are not ideal, but overall, computers are benefitial to society.
as i have said before i think computers have a benifit on people.
scanned through channels and say "" goods on ?""
example even grandma have and she talks online with her family members.
computers also have the best search engines.
then the guy that was getting the farm books said you really should take them off the shelf because he hasn't seen anyone over that way for years.
theres always a choices, different options and more things i can learn about.
do kids check these out?
not recieving your daily exercise is a big problem.
that has happend and who invaded other countrys or states.
a computer hacker hacks a computer and shut of power to an entire city for about days.
these can be hazardous, and even deadly.
censorship or not?
i know that from my own experience that the more knoledgable you are about foreign places and culture.
this is why the computer are good.
some people say they are good for research and talking to people.
those children who are being the bullies are enjoying it while the children who are getting bullied are sad.
it is a rich source of calcium, protein, fat and vitamin c.
there are many online websites that help students discover and process different areas around the world.
little sister typed "" of in the movie the "" and !
so she had a great idea.
i'm gonna talk about ' .'
people just need to look at the positive aspects of computers, then they will see how great they are
i believe that time is a very valuable thing and you should not waste it.
it not true that we have something called books.
computers are ruining lives.
then my mom confronted me about it and i realized all of my time on the computer wasn't good.
computers don't just help you with homework, but many people go to college online also.
apple store have when people go over and buy some computers.
then when they get off the computer their eyes hurt and they cant see as well.
theses are my reasons i think computers have a negative effect on people.
many people assume that computers are just for entertainment, to play games and have fun on your free time.
they give us so many such good things and yet expect nothing in return.
if you need someone phone number but don't have a phone book you can use pages to help you.
also it is a great way to play games.
such as: romance, horror, adventures, even poetry!it takes alot to understand poetry.
it expands peoples interactive life, helping them make new friends.
as i mentioned before the computer is beneficial to our education.
a few years ago they made something called the xbox .
my last and final reason is it takes time away from family and friends ive spent my whole day after school in my room on the computer.
i can find out what is happening where i live by looking up your newspaper.
one of my personal experiences is that i love music, so do my two best friends.
with good hand-eye, however, you can be more efficiecnt with your work.
if we do stop this way of life then things could get better and then our planet will stay around longer and we could make the a better place.
another reason computers are a problem is because they strain you eyes.
i know thats useful for those parents, like many that hate driving to the mall.
people who spend a lot of time on the computer hardly ever exercise and that effects them negatively.
the newspapers carry information for everyone-businessman, politician, unemployed people, players and kids etc.
also have the choice to either pick up a type of book or not too.
but there is also the choice of books for research.
you could see if anyone wants to make plans to hangout.
say that you need to research the periodic table and write down facts as well as all the elements.
if we don't fit exersizing into our day to day schedual, we are potentally putting our health on the line.
i got up end did it too.
computers can take you on a magical journey to a far away country.
mr. editor what if you were fourteen and had no friends.
people have rights to pick up a book if they want to or not.
one reason that i would take it for that shelf would be to keep youn childern form reading it.
they never helped any one, unless their palms were greased.
i saw my mom avidly reading the screen of our computer with pictures of caller masters and logos clastering the web page as well.
as mentioned several times above, it is the reader's choice to view material; not the librarian's.
do you love technology?
i hope you understand as to why i feel this way.
if there are books that talk about the discrimination on other races i think it's simply showing history.
so you can be facing a lot of dangerd online.
finally, you can also learn up-to-the minute-facts with websites like .com.
they give entetainment, pleasure, and knowledge for some people.
don't you think?
studies show that of kids who are on the computer more than a hour and a half a day are actually going braindead.
then there are those terrible people on the internet who disguise themselfs so they look like a year old boy when there really a year old man.
if people did not have a library, they not be able to research a paper, or something else, that they need to get finished.
one way is for school.
the main reason i say that is becuase there are not just postive things in this world ,but there are alot of negitves also.
he was taken to a private hospital and was admitted, as an emergency case.
furthermore, the advances in today's society are pushing on the boundries at internet safety.
of sleep ever which lets us make it through school.
dear times, people think that computers are good for socity but i do not.
second, the is a dangerous site to go on because some people in the give somebody their on the to somebody they don't know about.
in sum, as you can see there's a lot of fun things you can do on a computer.
now he just a nobody.
to sum up, computers aren' always a good thing.
so, believe that computers are a great thing and that without them, even just talking to family could be jeaporadized.
also kids now stay up later on computers and lower then grades doing so.
the eldest son helps him in the business.
there are lots of benefits to having a computer to use.
kids all over the use the internet to do class projects.
all other cars could be seen running far behind.
my second reason why i think this is because when your having a party and you need invitations the computer can help you.
what society needs.
i believe that the founding fathers of our country knew what they were doing when they included the freeedom of speech in the .
these are good standard that keep the youth from seeing what they are not yet ready for.
less cyberspace bullying, and less burning of electricity.
no problem, i just it to an email and i don't have to drive.
that's why creating a rating system would be best.
and so local newspaper that is why i am writing you this letter today.
computers can cost people to gain weight, cost problem to there eyes and you couldn't pay bills.
if they were off the computer they would spend more time exersizing, more time helping the environment and more time socializing with their family and friends.
and i highly doubt people stop seeing their fmailies because of computers it just doesn't make any sense.
like their should not be anything that would be offensive or profanity in the or .
being on the computer constantly can ruins your life.
to wrap it up, computers effect people.
he is a master of his subject.
if a library has educational music, why not keep them in there?
also, when you have chores to do, what will happen to them?
at this point, it maybe too late.
if people wanted information and they couldn't find it at the library they would most likely find another way to get that information.
it is something we cannot change, and it is important for kids to know how things really were and how terrible people were treated.
in a family it is kind hard not to.
it lets you right anything you want and if you mess up a word you can fix it if you wanted to.
others just want to talk to other family or friend member in other towns, states, countries, or continents.
they let people talk online.
the computer shouldn't take you away from you outdoor life.
after they answered, they were asked they didn't feel love, of them answered the people that they love were to busy on the computers.
on the internet, there are many video tutorials that teach people different skills for free.
not doing your school.
just want to make it fair for everyone since it is the public library of your town.
i know that a lot more kids too because i was reading in a magazine that of interacting with their kids as much as they got a computer.
because once you do that someone will take a book you thought wasn't offensive and it will make you mad.
(unless you have a bad internet connection) you think these reasons are making a good argument?
we're just finishing up a pretty big research assignment for english and social studies.
hand-eye coordination is a perfect example.
people can get exercis if thay want and thay can enjoy nature thay can bring a laptop.
i for one think that the computer was come to be one of the greatest inventions ever created.
which allowes them to think they can do whatever they want.
because the have a person there looking for they have the computer to look on.
they get people fat an lazy because they only want to be on the computer.
computer says ""computers are information in a compact "" out of people use the computer learn about far away places.
the only thing good about the movie is was a few dramatic and thats it.
computer benefit society greatly.
shouts your computer.
camels are ruminants but camels do not chew their food very well before swallowing.
while you type a report you can also research on your project at the same time.
without the computer everything would become so time consuming that no one would want to get the work done.
also like when a person is doing their home work they start getting carried away in taking their time going slow and ends up finishing very bad.
but without this device, what would they be able to do?
going on all the time can seperate you from others.
on the website you can talk to your friends.
most of the time people wont even have the book their looking either have to go out and buy get one from the library.
another reason why i feel computers have a posative effect on people is because you could learn about diffrent stuff over the internet.
but the most important part of using a computer is to enjoy it, and have fun!
libraries should just stick to the same old same old a section for kids with kid books.
we can look at todays military.
comuputers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
when in the house on the web most people that excersise stop excersising.
in large railway station there are loud speakers to announce
we overlook the fact they easy jobs like these still require coordination.
not just the same thing everywhere i go.
america is in a crisis with child obesety.
now i will move on the my last reason.
for example, at says "" people spend time with family and friends, they gain necessary social skills for later in life.""
a great way to help encourage to join a sports team or a club.
finally familys arn't as close as they used to be.
although, this seem like a huge wake up call to some parents, but 's not normal.
this is awesome because you can text, video chat, email free.
we need pictures, information, and it must be neat.
these books are extremely good.
the answer in no, and, "" of the time, neither do adults"", state from the .
computers do not help you brain they can make you fat and for a lot of people they cause drama.
you can make computers, program them, fix them, and even supervise them doing work.
the next thing you you wont have a freind anymore.
just little and younger kids shouls not read, watch or listen to them
it is necessary for our society to have computers.
my final reason is that, computers cause health issues and cause people to be lazy.
many people would agree that using a computer helps us learn new things.
first of all, the internet is full of innapproprate content.
parents don't always go with there children to the library and tell them what they can and can't get.
we stayed there all weekend.
i think the future will be based everything on computers.
we should be proud of the fact that humans have created somthing so complex and intresting.
it can walk and run easily in the desert.
ok. i know that traveling to faraway places can be scary because you never been to area in your life, but 's worth the try.
whether you like playing computer games or even if shopping for the best deal is you game; a computer will suit you.
you would probably wonder why such a thing would happen.
they are things we must learn about, so we do not repeat them.
my pets died because i didn't take care of them.
they can be used for buissness.
which leads to, eventually, promote death.
it makes you feel like thay are actually there in the room with you.
they live a very difficult life.
for exemple, people use a computer to program a robot.
we should protect forests from being cut down.
she looked up a recipe on the web and everyone was satisfied with the scrumptious ravioli she made.
they have been the key to unlocking all sorts of cures for dangerous diseases.
these are all things that save lives.
dear newspaper , opinion on computers is that they have a positive affect on people.
on average, out of suffer from stress.
the computer has a positive affect on society because on it you can learn of faraway places, their history, and you can learn of their landscape.
finally, you can type your essay on the computer.
putting a ban on certain works could harm the flow of society.
i understand the elderly or senior citizens who need their computers for health help.
and i know that know one whats that to happen.
supose you are doing a research project in school on types of cars, you just enter cars on and get millions of results.
use a real dictionary.
what beats sking down a large slope, or climbing the , certainly not computers.
these type of stories are important for our culture to prevent any misconceptions we have or try to prevent them from a young age by shocking the reader.
how does she feel about it?
people who are constantly on the computer don't get enough exercise.
students can use a computer to do a research paper for lets say history.
more childern under the age of years old are on the computer know.
what also happens is youtube allows you to watch music videos or hear songs for free.
i don't think have computers.
off the shelves so a person cannot read or watch them, is a very positive thing.
people would be more fit, have closer bonds with their family, and get better grades in school.
during the year.
just ask , who's voice reached out and caught the attention of a major record company.
the second reason is, that people need to learn how to use a and the hand-eye cordination.
i remember when i was younger, everytime i went to my friends house, his dad would be sitting and playing poker and games on the computer.
it dosen't have an effect on me.
books are very valuable to most people in the united states.
except the fact about the games i agree with that bad side.
i realized i was getting too old for the 'kiddy book section,' so i ventured forth to places i've never been before.
one of the top picked-through subjects in the world, are people really less interested in exercise than they were in the 's?
the good is it teaches people about places and how other people live in there soicty what they do to get food or how they raise there kids.
computers could help go sign up for activities like baseball, football, basketball, or a gym.
my first reson for thinking computers messing people up because of the impformation that on the website.
with a computer it is much easier at your job or at school.
i for example have learned so much from.
i didn't have one growing up, but i got one last year.
i think oposite though.
i vehemently believe that everyone should own this device.
just don't check it out if you find it offensive.
delhi zoo is near purana quila.
secondly, computers allow people to connect and reconnect with other people around the .
computers are also an ideal way to communicate with friends and family.
with a computer you can send a message from the computer to the persons cellular device.
there are websites to tell you everything you wih want to know.
in agriculture, we should not overuse chemicals.
what i've sadi don't you agree with me?
this be one of the biggest causes of obesity in !
be a sport person and one likes to get free online, are websites like and so you can.
this device has allowed people do buy things online, talk to people online, and also provides entertainment for some people.
people killing others and be doing sexaule things.
i know a thirteen year old named .
you be thinking, "" i might get addicted to a game and never want to take my eys off the screen.
certain music is ok but there are some that i would not aprove of.
although, there were some parts of the book that had me confused.
nothing but obesity.
people need to stop complaining about everything and just do something.
by removing things from a shlef becuase took offense at it, you'd be removing freedom of speech from the shelf also.
if computers did everything for us would be mindless slugs quick.
people use computers as much if not more, than buisnesses.
the children could lean about different countries far away.
would you really take that away from him just because it is offensive???
just because it offends one person, doesn't mean it offends everyone.
people say kids are the future, not if theyre not succesfull.
you also use the computer to do work.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have a positive effect on people.
the person saying that the person is not going to get off the computer.
learning about new places can help broaden the mind about other spots in the world that can lead to a vacation.
he wears a simple life.
positive and negative books should all be allowed on shelve for any whom that have an intrested.
and lastly, the computer gives you the ability to see far away places without even beiong there.
without them soo many people would out of jobs and geting paidless.
for example, the internet, and websites like , , etc.
people who spent hours on the computer live a sedentary life style.
people will be doing much better things, such as exercising or spending more time with family and friends.
and they can get a book or somthing that have the same features as what they might be going threw.
you know when you go spent time with your family.
therefore, kids act up in homes and at school.
parents and libraries should be more responsible about the offensive content that the children could possibly have access to.
this can take up to on how .
or a worse one?
from the squirrls to the tress.
i belive this because where do you think the website makers get there info from.
i think that there should be a time limit for everyone on the computer.
you sit down and start reading, when suddenly you come across a violent or inappropriate secne in the story.
lastly, computers alowe us to stay in touch with people who are far away.
some kids who have special needs need the computer to comunicate with others.
they're some people that are having less family and friends times.
if you're at work with a computer, it's tempting.
also, computers keep us connected with friends and family more easily.
i strongly believe that people are spending to much time on the computer.
for example, my grandmother told me that she knows how to use her hands and eyes well because of using the computer.
this good for larger benefit of society.
offensive media is almost anywhere.
they teach of faraway places, improve hand-eye coordnation, and let talk to other people.
computer have a very positive effect on us.
it's ridiculous how many student do not complet their homework and hand it in late.
contact with people from another street, town, state, country, can be established by the use of social networking sites such as, , , .
almost as if you are to ""busy"" to see them.
if someone thinks their book is offensive and it gets censored, the author of the book would be even more offended.
just , i was playing tetris, but only for minutes because i needed a goodnight's before the .
many people have dream to one day build a computer or make new programs.
every citizen in wants to be healthy.
you don't have to have a family member at war to talk to them on the computer.
dear newspaper, i beleive that no book should be taken off the selfs for nay reason.
this is censorship and it has caused many debates over what is acceptable in society's media.
their lot's of books in the world that i dont like.
you can ask question and get an instant reply.
domestic seller and huge companies can compette for the same customer.
our world would become a puzzle of trying to fit in and to not be noticed, rather than standing out and pushing the human race forward.
knowledge is just seconds away.
they should give people the ability to learn about faraway places and to learn things about the internet.
friends and family can also help you get through hard times without them whi knows wgere you would be in life.
look, if you want to roast computers then by all means, roast away.
every one has different views on ideas, and not everyone is alike.
making a section for adults would help stop kids from reading adult material.
when he was driving home he pulled out on a highway at the wrong time.
for example, my cousin is in a sometimes we will go on the computer and talk to on video chat.
just picture lazy, obese.
the things people see these days can be bad and shouln't be seen by anybody of any age.
what be offensive to one person not be to another.
one invention has made a large impact in the world and still ceases to amaze it's the computer.
i also learned about the powerplant explosion in , .
then, young men want to have big mucles and be buff.
so if everyone of it have a effect on if to turn off their computers they would spent more time with friend and family.
busy who don't have time to leave their house can take a class or learn a new skill right on the computer.
well, what if you have family living somewheres else.
reading is my last hobby, and i have collected a lot of titles during the past three-four years.
and if you one to talk to thiers always someone there to lister to you and maybe become your friend.
the reason that i think computers people to learn about new.
these are ligetament resaons why it should be left alone
hand-eye coordination is very important and using a computer can help people build up the coordination.
another reason is that people argue it teaches hand eye coordination, well so does sports and just playing.
plus, by interacting with family and friends you can learn to be relaxed and let your life take its natural source.
changing a persons life is not easy.
there are easier solutions to this problem than having to remove the items from the shelves completely.
i bet most of the students in this world would say to keep them on the shelves because they like to read and look at pictures.
my thied reason is lisening to music.
i believe that this should still happen.
i noticed that she tried to keep me from getting certain books and was fine with others.
magazines also have words or images in them that someone could take the wrong way.
you learn a little about geneitics.
well its true it can be bad, but it matters how you use it.
with less time to exersize, people can't burn the calories and will get obese.
you use it in good ways its a good thing but you never log off faccebook or other stuff its not good to stay on.
the libraries being a place to study and learn should have a bus load different things even if some take offensive to it.
what if everybody started saying things were offensive ther would not be any more books.
the author wrote the book the way he or she wanted it to be written, not the way you would like to see it.
instead hand-writing that four-page essay on textbooks and use the internet for finding information.
the second reason why i am against keeping computers around is because they are too time consuming.
i am working hard so that i many get the best grades.
some people think that a man who has many sons and daughters is a lucky person.
to conclude, the internet holds a very strong role in our daily lives.
you walk in and take a piece.
class rooms in that floor.
they want a change so you can enjoy life again.
heres the thing, are you for or against kids/parents online for too long.
who are we to fault the people of the and for how that articulate words?
so he ordered a program that teaches him how to speak while he is home.
considering this, the apps are very useful.
if this happening to innocent people it needs to stop we must'nt encourage this online behavior so say no to computers.
most of then will help you learn about the subject and then you have time to finish it and hang out with your friends.
that's why i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
secondly, people, especially the younger generation, spend excessive amounts of time on computers.
i for one support the cause to remove books from public places due to controversiality.
those cost per year.
now dont you think computers can benefit anyone!
as soon as the recess bell goes, students rush out of their classrooms.
in addition, people need exercise without it people would get faty, lazy, sleepy, and some sick, and angery, deppression.
my first reason is that people that have computers stay in their rooms all day and don't get fresh air.
what kind of library is that
i have one such neighbour.
i do believe however the reason why every book should be in a library is because all of them are different.
his name is ram lal.
fisrt off, about of people say that they use the computer every day so that they can increase their knowledge.
secondly, i think that people have a right to choose what they want to read, listen to, and watch.
so has been around for a long time and still is being used everyday and always will be.
and if they do have the books, music, etc., then they can put limits and ratings on them.
also there are many 'scams' and 'cons' out there on the .
they are even now using computers to sell illegal drugs.
furthermore, on the computer you and all you clients can hold a conference call.
with computers communication is becoming faster and faster.
mainly of socia skills.
i couldn't refuse the offer so i nodded a sincere yes.
if a person is offended by something someone wrote, they should just avoid reading it.
this is true because people playing games on the computers got more skillful with using ther hands and eyes together.
dear whomever it concern, name is and i think that the effects that computers have on people is not good.
we all have different hungrys for different reading, music and fashin.
the students at , especially graded, are able to type up easys because it's faster and alot easier.
there's no way you could be addicted to something if you have a limited it.
books are censored for all sorts of reasons.
so that throw that concern out or the window you work have to worry about that.
many books and material in libaries are sometimes offensive to certian people but that does not mean they should be taken off the shelves of libaries.
my math teacher, , is always saying,"" into the online sight.""
besides there are more important issues at the moment.
my first reason why i think computers are bad for our society is people are spending to much time on them.
for libraries to remove books in order of censorship is viewed as favoritism and is completely against the rights has stood for
some books are writen in times of racisim.
we cannot really do anything about this.
it also serves as a great place to exercise.
we all want our children to be active and healthy, not be a couch potato.
.billion people of earth.
some kids became so addicted to computers that they might become unhealthy and become obease from sitting so much, this is something that should not happen.
he is very tall and the most beautiful one in the stable.
they sacrifice their luxuries to provide food and education for us.
therefore, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
reason to this situation is that it takes time away from your family and friends.
this is why i strongly agree that books shouldn't be removed from shelves if they are found offensive to one person, group, or community
you can go online find what you want click buy and chose your shipping.
it is needed has many advantages.
i completly disagree with someone wanting to remove vulgar words.
from the frying pan to the fire was never truer than in this case.
if a women walks in with her son or daughter and find a dirty nasty book about sex, drugs, guns and knifes.
, helps us with hand-eye cordination.
i was thinking the same way when i took a look at that website that got her started.
in my opinion, i do believe that computers are good for you.
its obvious that computers have a positive effect on people for research, talking to friends & family and leisure activities.
would you rather play games all day instead of spending some quality time with your family and friends?
first, they help people learn by looking up information on different places.
sixty-three percent the votes showed that people communicate over the computer most the time.
people worry that reading books like this will create bad people if they learn these things at a younger age.
some other notable games are : , of , , , and .
i strongly believe that all people should use a .
ultimately, astronomy, the science of planets and stars, was born.
""i don't know if i'd be good of a tennis player without useing a computer to boost my hand eye coordination. ""
a doctor is a great friend of the sick.
then parents will have so hard time calling their kids to go eat or to go to sleep.
once they feels more comfoatable, then they can start talking to the person on the phone or in person.
when people sit in front of a computer screen all day only getting up to grab something to eat, people will because obese.
finaly, i would like to say that computers has a wide range of entertennent!
from school to work to just fun.
like i said before, if you dont like it, dont read it
the children are talking to their friends online or are going on social networking sites instead of talking in person to their family members.
now we can go on the computer to find weather the medication is at all dangerous.
i feel strongly about people knowing about the worlds past.
some not know this hut typing is a skill, some people type fast some type slow and some are average typers.
because of it he misses at least day of school a week.
if you go on vacation and forget to turn off the lights, you can use your hand held computer to turn it off.
make new friends when your at the mall or discovering a new trail in a park.
but if you choose not to utilize the internet, there are many programs that are very helpful for learning.
just because you find something offensive doesn't give you the right to take that away from someone.
many things talked about in the books, are the same things talked about in the school hallways, what is the difference?
nothing in this world exists without opinions.
my final reason that computers are good for you is that they take boring waits.
i go to my page and feel the cool keys under my fingertips as i send to my friend in .
i think that computers are great.
this technology is the most best thing you could ever use.
where would businesses be without computers?
with more and more kids on the computer each okey the, internet saftey level drops.
but i still think that there are ways to use computers without the bad cause.
saving money and enjoying good entertainment are both positive effects on people, and both offered by computers.
no books should be taken off the shelf.
for example, looking at a bright computer screan for more than min at a time is extremely bad for your eyes.
it shouldnt be removed because not everyone find it offensive.
ols i state my opinion on computer effects.
the first reason why i think using a computer is good for people is because you have to look up something on the computer one day.
i also believe that many stories and movies inspire us to be better people and to reach for our dreams.
so you see comuters are evry helpful to some balance is the answer!
or that a relative/friend can have a. how way simplier than going out and doing it yourself.
milk is a nutritious food for young and old alike.
instead of being on the computer join a sports club.
music is very fun and alot of people love to listen to it.
i listen to a lot of music when i drive to school and most of it is rap music.
little by little we can help people what they can do with out using an computer.
computers are usefull when trying to explore places.
obesity just doesn't happen from eating to much.
media that be considered explicit is appealing to a variety of people, and to some it is considered disturbing.
this why excerise is the best healthy and always fit.
would ruin the economy.
anyone in the world can use the technology we have today to ""hack"" or tresspass someone else's computer.
sometimes this can help you decide on rather or not to read it.
in these sections locate many topics and many views of ceartian things.
this has been a tricky question for years.
do you now i werpsite is .com.
it's just unhealthy.
people are spending too much time on computers and less time exercising and healthy.
the same rules apply with books and music.
authors have just as many rights as we do.
so the parent can keep an eye on there kid if she doesnt believe its right for them to read the offensive books.
is a buetifull country and all of arrests were accidents because she didn't know the laws.
the computer can also be you job, like you workinh on them like fixing them or installing a programor app.
, computers are making a great impact!
if you are choosing the computer over other important thing, then i think we have a problem.
words, colors and sizes can all be round on a computer all by learning.
computers are just one part.
for example, you will forget to exercise, you will forget nature, you will also forget to interact with your friends and family.
as americans, we have the right to freedom of speech.
go talk to them about why they are over there and, tell them that, that's not their age level material.
if we would not have to see thans that we shouldent have seen.
therefor i state that computers should not be used for more than houre a day
for example, is a helpful website to learn who they really were in life, were they fight in a war.
if you need a japanese doing for someone in ohio, you can order it online.
more people will use it and the library will then appeal to everyone.
the outcome to endup in death, kidnapping, ciber bullying.
psycologist, has discovered that overall, having family and friends that you can count on beside you will make you a much happier more enjoyable person.""
certain books stay on the shelf such as a book.
an example of this is that once when i was online doing research for a school project, i saw an advertisment for a website that looked interesting.
at first i didn't really what she meant, but now i .
dear people, computers have been here for not a very long time and everyday more people buy computers and everyday people use them.
these ads cause catastropic problems!
you have read my reasons and you have realized what the computer does for the world.
for young children, stay with the cartoon educational type things.
like my always said,"" more, it builds character!""
your entire body feels energized from the treking.
at see this as a main cause for growing lack exercise and increase in time on home computers.
but if your computer it gives lots of you can find information.
also it lets people interact with people around the world.
his health issues started to get worse.
statistics show that of people that go on the computer instead of getting exercise, are in risk for health problems including obesity.
also, libraries can do many things so that certain contents not be near others.
the answer is probably no.
interacting with friends or family will help themm be better with their social hucs in all.
people however, just cannot remove the words of another right from their mouth, no matter how bad it is.
going online can give you so many opportunities for anything.
is time running out for your project to be do?
people hav only been interacting with family at mandatory times such as school meetings.""
after a poll from www.
therefore, the computer has so many things that can benefit you and the world with everything it has to offer.
most of what we do today could not happen without computers.
movies and music have rating and kids can not check out offensive materials.
for everything you want you can read online or if you really want to you can have the don't for you.
that tell people what is happening around the world would not exist were not for the moder communication abilities that computer provid us.
there is no reason to why people can't use computers quite often.
as well as using the the online book instead taking it home.
should censorship be used on library books?
now you can probably see why i think we need computer and how it can sometime benefit our society.
i have had a lot of family members say that i shouldnt be listening to such music because of the language.
without all the useful information i found on the computer.
of experts say that having a close knit family will give kids a greater chance of going to college.
as you can tell, computers also have a negative effect on relationships with family and friends.
talking at libraries is always fun because you can talk about the book your reading or just hangout.
i just don't believe removing material not suited for children is the right thing to do.
while your at it, plant some flowers in your garden.
the way isee it is if we make a chart then we will know when to get off and twhen to play.
your screen fills with choices of information sites.
everyone in the twenty first century uses a computer.
i can agree, with there, but i truly believe that computers can have a positive effect on society if used correctly.
i think that these reason will have you positive too.
i would make plans with my friends over facebook chating.
not everyone has a cell phone so when you talk to them via or any of the others it is nice to chat.
which means they will most likely stay back.
computers are good for school because i think books are harder/longer to use than computers.
when i came back from vacation, half the things in my house were gone!""
to be able to easily have a conversation with someone miles away is a sign of tremendous advancement.
after a few years, had passed by she had finally got the nerve to go on a hunt for father.
true, there are books out there that are very offensive to certain types and religions of different people.
next, using computers builds hand eye coordination as well.
when you get bored, what do you do?
now, we can learn about anything we want, talk with people on the other side of the world, and even advance in other areas of technology.
if it is a child, their parents will be unable to go to the store because they will be caring for the child.
for instance, after mu uncle divoriced my aunt, she was devastated and couldn't date again for the longest time.
in my opinion the computer was on of the best inventions made.
so please, please think about organizing the books, magazes, movies, music, and more so then this will not happen in the future.
my first reason for why you should believe that they benefit society is that computers have online.
using them for homework and having the students take notes is a lot less difficult.""
this sentence shows that if we start pulling or restricting the things people deem offiencive, there would be nothing left to read or enjoy.
dear , you all know many people in our town have been quarreling about computers.
just use the technology at your hands responsibly.
and there new computers come and its like $ and $ and there different just from beand and ther go aboutmore faster.
without computers it would be alot harder to contact the rest of the world.
next reason is makes life better.
they help organize your thoughts, which stress.
when the computer came, people could plaly games, watch .v.
although this is true there should desicions that will improve the health of the human by limiting usage of them.
we are getting to a point where our whole world might be absolutley crazy if nothing is done about this.
every minute you are on the computer you can learn something new!
not only can you learn a lot from computers you can communicate with people from different countries.
so give them time limits.
i believe computers allow people, like myself, to learn.
with having a computer people will be able to talk to their family that live in other states then them.
what do you do when you want to know what the capital of is?
and because you can go on at all hours of the day, kids can get bullied at any time.
once people are allowed to censure books or other media, they would look for words with negative connotations.
i waited and waited for the dog to go but it remained there.
this makes reading the assignment easier for the student as well as the teacher.
well, if you think negatively about computers and how they effect people, i would like to politely disagree.
so, now do you understand that computers are a great benefit to today's society?
at present, i am dwindling owing to the selfishness of the man.
the children were very happy.
i am fluent in english french, and spanish.
censorship is wrong because it limits what people can read, watch, and listen to.
someone can learn about far away places by searching it up online.
this benefits people in a positive way.
computers are making that happen quicker.
clearly, i think that lettng students and adults use computers will take over their mind and make them addicted to the computer.
computers take a lot of time away from people.
sitting down reading or what ever they do on the computer is not excersizeing.
if people wish to express themselves by reeding it then they have that right.
secondly, the computer distracts kids from homework.
if you go on the computer at then you could easily get addicted to a game and forget you have practice.
calling someone or sending a letter costs money, but sending on email to someone does not.
book, movies, and magiznes with any type of adult content can be harzardess to child, whether its through their actions or behaviors.
people should at lest get of exercising.
students are becoming more dependant on the internet.
everyone should be able to take care of themselves.
we go to school for a vast amount of reasons.
computers are a great tool to help us with our lives, they help us learn skills for later in life.
do you love to have friends overseas?
we visit friends and relatives and exchange gifts with each other.
if we removed books that offended even one person, then no books would remain.
also, some people who type super fast go to get test to see how fast they type the test gives numbers like seventy words a minute.
you also think that they are not getting enough exercise.well you are right but i am going to explain way your wrong.
to wrap this up i would just like to say thank you having the time to read my letter.
these free websites let you add friends, send messages, and post pictures.
as you can see, addition is a no laughing matter.
that game sharpens your skill and exercises your brain.
at the time it was written, the 's of , was a very scandels book.
book censorship is a big deal in the world today.
those reasons are ) people have friends and family in other states ) some people use them to stay organized and ) computers help you learn more.
the same thing can be applied to family members who have moved away.
history of our country, history of our , and history of sad and hard times.
you can just go on facebook, , or,myspace and talk, send pics, and comment on other peoples things.
first of all.
these games are usally good.
now is older and all he does is sit on the computer until his parents have to force him off of the computer for dinner time.
so i think libraries should just leave the books on the shelves.
we had dinner at the platform.
in all of these websites you can keep up with whats going on with your friends and whats new around the world.
finally, ebooks on the internet give you a large amount of information.
second of all, not only does having a computer allow you to talk to others but it can teach you hand-eye coordination as well.
when they be spending all the time on the is because they like to be online.
things, such as pornagraphic material should not be out in the open where kids can see it.
when asked of graders say they use e-books at least twice a week.
you can find great low prices on travel agencies on the computer.
they have just started to be able to use the computers, so many times they go through a phase or addiction.
whenever i talk to my friends, they usually say they are on facebook or oovoo instead of outside or playing with their siblings.
even schools use computers!
you want everyone to go to college and be doctors but they cant if they follow things that everyone else does.
i know from personal experiences, that some people abuse these social networks and use them as another way to bully people.
kids can use computers to find information they need quickly.
parents on the other hand also help out their children and they also talk to their relatives or these looking for a new home or job.
that's the time has come t decide.
also getting rid of the computer can stop the homosexuals from getting a hold of kids by acting their age.
i hope that by reading this, you can now see some of the many uses of computers.
sue to computers, many people are family and friends.
someone else from my community could have the same trait of thought i have when reading a scary book.
i actually do believe that they should be able to be removed from the shelf.
well, i can tell you that i'm staying in contact with my grandma, cousins, and aunts through my e-mail.
i don't believe it is right to remove something beacuse someone might not like what is it saying.
in conclusion i beleive that certain materials should be removed if they are found offensive.
they are good because of the rating systems but still are very ignorant to others.
nine out of ten families say that they have realized they don't spent as much time together because of computers.
son my positive eye... you wont be sorry.
many people have there own taste in what they like to read, write and do.
when i asked the librarian if they had any of their books they said no.
i get up early in the morning.
there are a lot of music and movies that are very offensive to certain races and religion.
another reason computers are good because they can keep you out of trouble and can keep you entertained.
to our modern techolagy people are now more informed about the rest of the world than ever befor.""
my heart is filled with joy when i play or watch a hockey match.
others try to suger-coat how they feel about a person or certain idea.
offensive thing can hurt a persons feelings, and libraries should be the last place where a person should feel uncomfortable reading a book.
but it is also one of the many distractions.
the computer is the quickest way to find out information!
after eating fruits, we played a lot of games.
i think that computers are great.
that get me to my next point.
hours sitting at the computer replaces healthy exercise are all spending our lives on the computer, and sitting and clicking is not exercise.
i was so sad.
thats all you get from computers, more and more frustration.
this website is an all purpose dictinary, , encyclopedia and translator.
and talk to friends more easily.
advice from elders always helps us to make up our mind.
sure its a quick look up.
using typing would save you this time and allow you to continue on with other important tasks that are needed to be completed.
when i was a child and i was curiouse my parents sheltered me from certian things.
since being part of the generation growing up in the new technology era, i have had a first hand experience with the benifits of the new technology.
the shops are mostly small in size.
at a visit to the hospitial a surgen said he has seen a huge increase of heart surgreys in the .
this shows that children all over the world can be getting syber bullied of any moment.
there is more to often in use than going on the computer.
some magazines contain content such as innappropriate pictures and words.
as to the opposing opinion, i can understand why you think that censored items are ok in libraries.
they need to enjoy things how they originally were without any computers, ipods, or even cellphones.
in conclusion, computers provide an abundances of uses.
his english pronunciation is very impressive.
want to learn how to speak spanish look it up, fast and easy on the internet.
also, from different types of reading, censorship has definitely become a serious issue, but it should be abolished.
libaries have different sections to go find materials at.
suppose you have a family member that you have not seen in a long time and you dont have enough money to visit them because they live to far?
i'm okay with that, but i understand that others are not.
that is why you should agree with me that we
that's why removing these itams are good for many of the kids and young teens that are just learing how to have a boy/girlfriend
so what if you get back to school and you can't keep up with what's going on, frustrating isn't it?
for example, new webcams allow people to actually see and talk to each other from you computer screen.
well i think after reading this those extra will be persuaded.
that's up to you only if you want to.
by censoring something as small as books, movies, and so on i think it will give people a fake sense of what really happens.
other books contain segregation and segregation is a big part of americas past.
computers can serve that purpose because someone can use facebook, twitter, or skype when using one.
i know, that from personal experience, when someone tries to take away my that i'm entitled to, i get extremely angry.
if books had a rating system, that ten-year- old would not get their hands on a book rated '' or '' for mature.
i am saying don't make your life the computer.
new technology is good thing and should keep expanding because of gaining the ability to , conncet with people and having fun, a computer helps the general public.
the computer saves money for a lot of us.
everyone as agreed to this without hesitation so you should too.
aim is very popular to people of all ages.
they are more likly to go on the computer than go exercise.
i want to ask them how do they survive without one!?
i think that if we could focus on the factors in hand, such as censuring we accomplish something no one else has.
all of us were very excited and came dressed in lovely clothes.
they are a huge step forward for mankind and only benefit our lives.
finally, you can chat with someone from around the world if you wanted to!
computers are a neccessity for living.
so, get up, grab the kids and get going on your new and energized, pain free life.
if something is to be found offensive, than it should certainly be removed from the shelves.
i believe that this new technology is effecting our daily exercising, playing outside to enjoy nature and interacting with friends and family.
instead of videochatting with your cousins in another state, lan for them to come visit you guys one .
do you really want people to lose their friends?
email is much fasters than the mall or i like to call it snail mail.
that is what has come down to computers.
you're lucky if you know when in the world they are.
as for exersise, is commonsense to spend as little as one hour working on personal fitness.
percent of teens who non-stop use the computer have to wear glasses or contacts, because of overusing the computer.
your watching a movie on tv that you and your friend have seen in theatres.
computers help people keep in contact with others. ""
the movies in my oppion need to really be removed because that is how children are learning to fight.
people are not getting exercise, so the gain more weight.
why go out to dinner when you can order it online?
many people think of the chatrooms and 's.
on the computer you can talk to your friends & family, but sometimes people are on so much that in real life relationships fail.
if yes, didn't you have to, write letters?
when i am going through the library i have seen people get offended by some of the things that they have on the shelfs.
i think computers are good, because some people dont have phones so a good way to conect with people you know, also meet new people.
are offensive and are bad that they should be removed, the reason being is because of younger children.
put down the mouse and go outside!
in summary, computers should not be used in excess.
he takes the help of p. t. teachers too.
the situations in this novel are ones that could be real.
you can talk to people, and it is a new way to be entertained.
by cutting out at least some these hours, people will be able to make time for more exercise in their daily routine.
computers are needed in this day and age or else some people would not be able to survive without them.
one of my favorite options on the computer is that you can use it to navigate a certain location you want to go to.
in computers are wonderful things.
some of the most disgusting and cruel things happen every day and you could probably find this news in a library.
he believes in simple before his students.
lastly, you will have the best feeling ever if you make everyone smile by knowing you believe that spending time on the computer can teach you a lot!
when maybe they through them giving a presentation much easier!
when a child sits at the computer all day, they are not getting exercise.
if you had a video on the news you want to keep it.
in my opinion, computers are a thing for our everyday lives.
we should try with all our efforts to keep inapporpriate books off of our shelves and out of the hands of the young population.
surveys shows that of the kids who study on the computer pass there test and get a higher grade percentage +.
they become friendly with the seamen and go on fishing.
quite often, if a song is tagged as 'explecit', the is usually an alternative of the same song.
isn't making more friends and reconnecting so easy now?
they believe that things should not be released if they have a bad subject matter.
typing is a quick and fairly simple way to write, that saves people valuable time.
one major problem to this is many people are lossing their .
they're very helpful and entertaining.
get your self out in the world don't just interact with people but the world not the computer screen.
you know that most adults use an online dictionary to find the definition to a word?
people spend too much time using the internet than exercising, nobody gets to enjoy the beauty of nature, and there is less interaction with family and friends.
dear local news paper, computers are powerful machines in our world.
you can learn about all this and more if read on.
most people spend lots time on the computer and are still healthy and busy with other activities.
computers effect people in so positive ways.
i think that the computer has a good effect on people as well as it being a helpful piece of technology.
as long as it's apporiate for the enviroment and its surronds ,there should'nt be any problems.
third, people wont enjoy hanging out with there friends.
i love truth and non-falsehood.
computers are great step forward and are completely beneficial to our society.
also, they need to enjoy life.
also you will become a lot more interactive with people.
someone in this world is living this life, it could be you.
it is important to keep your bodies healthy because in the end thats what everyone's goal should be.
another way computers allow comunication is through the shareing of information.
""but, mom, i'm in the middle of a game!
for instance, their clothing.
computers have taken many and left them without excersize.
if they dont do homework they could get bad grades on their report cards.
other writing materials and even movies cause problems in this world today.
parents can censor what their children watch, and adults have the ability to make their own decisions about this topic.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
freak and become highper when it comes to computers.
computers also have applications like microsoft word which lets you type things such as essays or term papers instead of having to write them out by hand.
did you know that as tha number of computers sold increases the obesity rate has gone up since computers came into our lives why?
the students go to the libraries to get some books on it.
i do so to go on facebook.
i understand how you might think that computers cause people to not get enough exercise, however, the computer can improve your hand eye coordination.
computers are just a money wasting thing that get in your way of life.
true they do help people research certain topics but they are also hazardous.
computers have been a huge convenience in a persons life by allowing all the information that was once in books to be contained throughout the internet.
these topics today are still among the things that happen in today's society.
another reason way computers are very beneficial is you can reconnect the old friends you havent seen or talked for a years.
for example facebook, myspace, and twitter, thease days of people have an account on at least one of thease websites and that number grows everyday.
and parants can not help because they didn't have job to support there love ones.
you can even down load consal games onto your computor.
hand eye cordanation is a very important skill in life.
another is some people are faster at typing than writing but some people write faster than type.
there are books, movies, magazines, and computers that anyone that want to get on can do so.
every parent is worried about their kid getting into trouble with the law, right?
one source of fun on the computer, is online movies and tv shows.
it states that the obesity in the is caused by either computer and/or lazyness.
they might not want to get away from the computer.
which in turn will allow them to get over their fears and let them travel to places.
when i was in seventh grade i had a mission to read every book i could get my hands on.
online, and keep in touch with family and friends.
if i am listening to music, i listen to the beat and the words at first.
last, that go on the computer and adults are getting because of the of talking to people you have never seen or really know about.
i know for me, the internet has come in handy for school projects, or maybe something as simple as just looking up a word.
today computers are essential part of most work enviornment.
there's e-mail, instant messaging & much more.
the nature and wildlife is much more important.
there's many more but for you to know that you'll need to go to the store and get yourself a computer!
they make pongal rice by cooking rice with milk and jaggery on this day.
people all over use computers to research other places computers provide photographs of the place he/she is researching.
when you just want to see someone i'l costs you money to get on a phone .
help your , don't buy a ,000 dollar , keep your active and healthy.
laid his books up on the counter and we checked out.
a computer is a huge technological advancement with many uses.
what if did not invent the telephone?
a computer is to talk to someone without physically being there.
so, don't choose the computer, choose another activity!
when many heard about earthquake in , they could pull up information within seconds.
i know i personaly go there for research and for the sheer joy of reading, as do many other people.
people love to talk to others, to meat new people or just comunicate to others who live in a other country.
a young girl showed her shooting skills.
then they all get very depressed.
imagine, a child is staring at a computer screen playing a game or on facebook mean wile it's a beautiful day in the middle of .
you ever want to communicate with your friends all day long without wasting minutes?
she sat down and looked up hundred schools.
next computers help us with our school work.
and while certain groups advocate to protect the children of from these offensive works; the children will still find a way to access them
many websites such as '' and '' allow people to reconnect with old friends, and make new ones.
my name is .
e-mail, websites, , and more, are all ways you can contact that agent.
being on the computer can harm even the computer.
how could they say that they knew what was best for their people?
obesity is one of the highest concerns in the country today.
the last reason searching the web because you want to get ticits for a trip look online.
they help people when they need it, it gives people entertainment.
so for just reasons i would already rethink.
friends and family are two very important things in everybody's life, even if you dont realize it.
going on the computer can have a negative effect on you!
it's a fun game and it's easy, plus it teaches hand-eye coordination.
personally i think not going on the computer benefits you, 's more time for your family, going outside, and staying healthy!
through extra-ordinary reflexes he managed to leap out of the way, saving his life.
they started this home with three children in their small house.
it is almost impossible to control every aspect of society to make it appropriate to younger viewers.
everyone looks at everythings diffrently.
it just is not fair to everyone else.
but, she went on the hunt of her father by faith in the lord.
you can just search key words, and you have what you're looking for.
recently, there has been debate about whether or not computers benefit society.
there are also many different genres of novels, movies, music, and magazines.
this kid was only six years old, but he thought that playing with guns was safe because he saw them do it in the movies.
it will also help us see new places because we can goon the internet.
do you want in obesity rates?
we witness things of that nature every day even when we are not trying to.
in conclusion, computers have an effect on people.
these are important things that help me keep up with things away from my town.
we also get water from rains.
me personally am faster at than writing.
i use it most, when i'm playing hockey or, baseball.
libraries have all kinds of information.
that could save you gas money because you don't have to drive anywhere.
in addition, we wouldn't be were we are in science if it wasn't for computers.
if your family is going to a movie to have family time maybe you will stay because you would stay home on the computer.
i am here to say that computers are not the best way to benefit our society.
we saw the industrial progress of these countries.
first reason for say that people spend to much time on the computer is that people waste two much money on it.
these people roam through the internet day and night trying to find little boys and girls.
at first it may cause us some pain or trouble to learn and appreciate discipline.
with e-mail those is an eghty three percent chance that your email will not be lost.
now i will talk about some of the things that computers help out with in life.
those are the people that i grew up with and have known since birth.
as you can see, those are just a few reasons.
you can put your fone number, address and manymore and people contact you act like someone else and you or even kill you.
from the computer we can learn a bought a faraway place if we were doing a report on it or just our of curiosity.
compared to real life and nature, there really is no comparison.
on my desktop computer at home.
these chunks of metal are expensive, unhealthy and degrading human learning capabilities.
however, someone that thinks there is no right for it to be shown, will remove the material.
somethings you just have to let go and roll off your body.
just before about christmas i found her on facebook and now we talk and catch up because we havent seen each other in years, alone tak to her.
talking to people by using the computer has become easier and more dependable than ever.
do you now see that nature can be helpful?
and now being in middle school we use websites like online for up to date reliable information.
and you if go to these place then you would need place to stay and have a good meal with your family or friends.
now lets talk about what we can learn about our planet.
also to get pictures.
most teens use the computer to interact with friends on social sites or spend a good chunck of their home playing online games.
our school, like all schools, has a prescribed uniform.
computers also let people learn about new things.
but, eventually, with right leadership, it would help make a more truthful environment.
in many cases the unexceptable thing work along with the story.
people are probly on the computers chating there e-mail or making a websit or they are on youtube.
a friend like that is helpful.
as a student, i think that computers have greatly improved schools in many ways, but mostly in those above.
therefore, you can't ever really trust someone you simply met in a chat room.
thas when i get worried.
long distance phone calls cost a lot.
for example my niece is able to check out any book in the library, books like famous book intitled ' ', which means my struggle in german.
computers also teach us new things such as hand-eye coordination.
have you ever wanted to see what looks like?
conclusion, local newspaper this is why i believe that we should keep our computers.
now with computers, people , instant message, or even skype; a webcam website.
certain materials in libraries should not be remove from the shevles if they are found offensive by someone.
everyone has their own point of view.
i hate all these because they will make us do wrong things.
computers are a good thing to have because you can learn information.
being on the computer too much can harm you and the people around you.
most edicatinal web sites are ment fo help people learn.
i garentee they will enjoy these activities more then staring at a computer screen for hours.
those are my details to support my reason.
books are sorted according to what appeals to what age.
now libarys are a great place for kids to learn.
is sitting around all day your idea of a workout?
out of use the computer daily.
you are so excited until you realize you know nothing about .
instead of buying an airline ticket to see , you can go online to learn language.
many people believe computers are good for nothing.
everyone needs to recieve a little bit of exercise in order to fit and healthy.
the last reason why i think that more and more people are using computers is because it allows people to talk online with other people.
i have people that be able to have computer addiction.
everyone has their own view on the subject of offensive or not.
it' an ashame to the father that use to be the cool kid, make fun of the nerds and get into fights every month.
computers can help open people up to unique genres of music they have never listened to before.
whenever a teacher need an assignment typed, you can type it on your computer and have it ready the next day.
you could make plans, or you can talk about upcoming events.
some of the best advertisements have won international acclaim.
doctors even say that talking to some one backhome give a soldier more will power to survive.
says they are both right.
the postal department should try to improve his lot.
the more time spent on a computer the more you damage your vision.
it should be left up to a person to decided what the see or view.
someone isn't able to know what's happening is no one lets him or her read the magazine.
if there is an who thinks that something is offensive they have the right to talk to someone who works at the library.
now every afternoon she finds herself in front of the computer monitor.
well, some people would like to argue about how some of the information that is contained in such materials are offensive or innapropriate.
now because of computers he is a who does nothing else but play on the computer.
they offer so things such as information, communication, and life skills.
one late winter night, we heard the cry of an old lady, from the nearby house.
they find violence perfectly acceptable and they might allow their kids to read the book.
from these reasons our lives because easy and convenient, which is what people strive to accomplish.
like me, many kids have family across the ocean or just across the country, either way, contacting them is tough.
even though there might be graphic pictures or writing in books or magazines doesn't make them inaproprieate.
in effect, people 't waste their time on the because you will get caught up.
firstly, computers help teach hand eye coordination.
dear , we all know more and more people are using computers.
thats more than half!!
we could find better ways to treat serious medical conditions with the help of computers.
third of all, i would like to say people are spending more time on the computer than with their own family.
you can also have extra practice with the many resources that come with the online textbook.
especially students do this, they do their homework under the leaves to help them relax.
then my father left me in school.
a walk in a big park or on the bank of a stream is even more refreshing.
they wasn't exercise which could be bad for their physical health.
is very important to spend time with your family.
it also makes a great teacher of about any subject as well.
thereafter he decided to find a way to overcome the cause of suffering.
would you go outside and maybe the soccer ball around with your kids, or grab a bag of chips and log onto facebook or your email?
just because they might not completely think what the content entails is necessarily appropriate, someone else might enjoy it.
without a doubt, computers make it easier for us to communicate with other people, no matter how far.
northern states lead by lincoln won the war, and he abolished slavery.
i think we should have computers because it would help us meet new people, seeing new places, and learn new things.
in conclusion, the invention of computers helped and still do help society in many ways.
everyone know about those dating websites that matches two people and them together.
you even notice that if you use the computer too much you will miss more interactions with your family.
yes, maybe your friends and family out and hungry with your friends most likely you will have more fun exercising then you have on the computers.
all that, without having to get up and bother his parrents to go to the bookstore and pay on a book that he will probably read one time.
you can also get work-out equipment that'll make (or keep you), nice and slim.
computer engineer, , says, "" in every people learn about places and people threw the internet.""
my last reason is that computers are great for buiesnessess.
people who work at about need the computer to access your account to get your money.
therefore shouldn't spend that amount of time on their computer because of the health, the environment, and their families.
we do not need things like that in our world.
i believe that the effects on people negative.
you could find out if it were landlocked, not landlocked, how many people live there, and facts similar to those.
it, in my opinion and experience, corrupts both the mind and soul, and causes man to be things he is not by nature.
with music, if there is a bad word, the word is just skipped over or bleeped out which makes the song sound strange.
not something a little five-year-old needs to see.
the computer isnt' all fun and games though.
without the computer people would not be where they are in life right now.
sometime when she comes over, i'll be using my laptop and she'll ask to check her status.
for instance, if a child is listening to a sexual song on their i-pod take it from them.
did you know that of homes in own at least one computer.
but not every one agrees it benefits society.
in my opinion i think that computers are a good thing.
i often go to the library to study and i must say, im very proud of who i've become.
hopefully though, the next generation of people will reconize this horrible mistakes.
i'm sure you will agree with my decision.
for example, my grandma and grandpa both live in .
ultimately, the rating system is intended to force parents to choose what is and isn't appropriate for their child.
it’s essential for small children.
this brings me to my conclusion.
you waste over days a year sitting in front of your computer.
so go got your camera and go some where with wild life and have fun.
they are always full of people.
finally the last reason i believe computers are a good idea is that they allow people access to more knowledge with the internet.
so far that week of from the rest of the students and don't much.
i'm sure college students are yo way later than doing homework.
thats why i think they should get rid of those books and movies off the shevles and get them away from children
if you can't read or watch a topic you shouldn't be able to think or talk of the topic either because you will offend someone.
when i go on the computer, i might need to research something that i have interest in.
then sanding a ordnery envelope.
another thing you could do is play free games or download the game from the internet do your computer so they are both fast and easy.
most people use computers too much and it can affect their health and the peole around them.
when you can just open up a word document and type it up.
we should be permitted to say anything we want, even though in our hearts, we should know what is right and wrong.
like i said before alot of book in schools and pubic librarys have books that refer a lot to drugs and sex.
so obviously computers are environment friendly.
to others, however, it draws them further and further away from the story.
which side would you choose?
lastly computers let us talk to other people online.
if we took books, music, movies and magazines that people found offensive of shelfs there would be nothing left.
in some countries the donkeys are used to
i believe that there shouldn't be any censorship in libraries.
many people who use their computers reducing their metabolism.
they do a great deal to help make our lives easier.
take it down!
first of all, computers detach people from reality.
yes, most of it is ofensive to girls and stuff but thats just music, it doesn't mean its true or anything.
that is what i think the saying 'just a slap on the wrist' means.
my third reason is when people do go on all they do is eat junk food and get no exercise.
i think that there are different types of people in the world and everyones going to wnat to read something different.
getting tired and lazy is a negative use of the computer.
in conclusion, i don't think books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
overall i think that computers make the world go round.
it has golden fur on
the games just suck you in and your stuck.
new advancements in technology in general take away from our lives negatively.
proven by the best major over of children either have desktops, laptops, or some type of internet access.
you have the right to either read what you see or keep moving and read what you want to.
always breathe in the fresh air and do some kind of exercise every day.
if you pay money to do an activity, or buy something, watch something it would make a difference in the small buisness's profits.
also you can do video chats with your friends if they live far away.
having some downtime can really help someone to be a healthier and happier person!
next thing you know, you have a or on an assignment that the thought you aced.
magazines like , or .
not be suitable for most young children.
i also learned how to row a boat, to show my class how crossed the river, i learned that by taking on online course.
he should devote time to every subject.
it's not the libraries job to watch kids and make sure they don't read, listen to, or watch anything bad.
i remember when i helped my mother pay on of the bills online, and let me tell you, "" was easy!"".
without physically bringing your textbook home you can view the book online.
but that also doesn't mean that you should be sitting on the computer when you could be going outside, or playing with our friends.
instead of going out and doing something about it, she stayed in her room on facebook for weeks at a time.
censorship in libraries in our libraries there are a lot of books that are very helpful.
again, how could they not be positive.
they could play a variety of games.
if these authors, directors, and producers have their specific product taken off of the shelves it would be offensive to them.
computers effect families everyday lives by giving them online educations.
well then agian people also use computers to sell drugs which is very bad for our enviorment.
i wrote this letter to tell you that there are some good things about going on the computer.
they have friends on but no friends in real life.
just like i say earlier thats not good computer usage.
there is absolute peace without the noise of motor horns and hawkers.
you finally get off that computer and you realize that spending time with them is so much fun than sitting down and looking at the screen.
also a computer gives you an oportunity to socialize with people all over the world.
what do you do?
values and morals should be gained by reading, discovering and thinking, not forced upon us by our government or our parents.
people also use the internet for media or to simply catch up with friends.
these library materials are all part of the worlds past and all have a bigger story behind it which has an even bigger story behind it and so on.
don't forget about staying healthy and going for a jog once in a while.
but maybe due to these essy tips; excrsing more, by soul.
those are my reasons now let me explain them.
the great thing about you is you can find the information fast and easy.
people should be allowed to read the material and topics they enjoy to read.
certain books, music, movies, and magazines are not always as bad as what some people think.
all you need to do is type in your request, hit "" enter"" and viola!
you can buy stuff at store by the comfort of your home.
dear , you think computers are good for providing us with useful information?
you be wanting to argue, 'but i don't want my children being exposed to such offensive materials.'
it gave birth to the much-used computer.
everyone nedds to have these needs instead of fucusing all on the computer.
i'll give you reasons.
another example, say that you lost your voice to a terrible cold.
they then, are stuck on the internent for hours trying to get it done.
if you walk by a teenager on the internet, now a days you find them on ''. ''
i would like to thanks all f the reader for there time and hope hat you all support me and my ideas.
or even if your job involves doing research.
last of all, i think that computers are good for people because there are many programs that help with teamwork and team buildings skills.
i can't imagine completing any assignment without computer on my.
most people think that computars are good for research.
it is our constitutional right to write and read the books we choose.
on powerpoint it lets you make slide show videos for school projects to presentations.
computers can be very helpful, when trying to find information on a topic, but some people take it too far.
a lot of people that are in school have probably seen or heard of a book or magazine that had profanity or offended them.
i find my computer benefits the society because you can interact with others online.
when parents send or take their children to a library, they do not expect their child to be able to pick up something that is not appropriate.
therefore they very beneficial to the world, its people and technology.
our computers use up so much energy and is a threat to the world, !
i hope people do not end up just taking things off the shelf when someone is offended.
don't abuse the fact you have enter-net if you need resherech get that done stay on task.
for example, they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places, people and even allow people to talk with other people.
plenty of reading material of world culture should be available to all world communities.
computers occupy a lot of people's time which could be used for other matters.
i can i believe computers are helpful.
if we start censoring books, we are giving a messege to our children, that diffrent is bad.
with websites such as and , people can keep in touch.
i learned to play guitar with maney programs and online lessons.
if you havn't, i'ts a website for all the students in the to take online courses for math, reading, and science.
prove who are sitting on the computer people you might should be joining a sports learns with everyday.
milk is taken from the cows, the milk is also taken from sheep and goats.
when a kid is a bullie they don't really know what they are getting themselves into.
also, computer time can states that computers have been proven to improve hand-eye coordination in the course of a year.
in conclusion, using computers all the time restrict you from exercising, getting fresh air.
in the end you would lose probably alot of frienships.
i have seen papers that have information that they copred and passed to their paper.
above and beyond all this, there's exercise to worry about.
this lowers your ability to do on the test.
the catagories need to be catogorized even more, so people further know what they are getting into when checking out a book or magazine.
so be very carful on the intrenet.
think of it have you to do a project and you dont always have enough information on what it is to do it.
how would it be if everyone liked the same things.
some country singers can be like that to because all the sing about is getting drunk then having sex.
people all over learn things on the computer each day.
this can greatly help you advertise if that is something you do at work.
last year, my uncle moved to for work.
dont run back to that computer.
it is my opinion that computers are not completly bad for people, computers can also be good for people.
it has two wheels.
caring about nature and your loved ones is such a great thing.
there will be more teen mothers than there are needed.
while you're at it, play a couple exciting games and learn about the best movies ever released in .
fine something unless to read about.
there is so much more that i can tell you, and just after my very first reason how could there even be another side to it?
many would consider even this great literary work as a movie inappropriate.
these machines help our world become an easier place to do.
kids use these as entertainment.
dear , i heard that you wanted some opinions on whether or not computers have a positive effect on people.
it also never occurs to the people censoring the books, that some people can't afford to buy the books they want to read.
the train stated.
for the interacting with friends and family you can do that i mean how long can a person look at a computer screen.
with a computer it is easier to find those people and start talking to them.
i can relate censoring books to censoring people based on my own personal experience.
sometimes i wonder how many brain cells he wastes per second.
they are the true protectors of the nation and our lives.
dear , many people think comptuers are bad there are many reasons as to why they are good.
i know, you can't because computers help us in so many ways.
also, i remember when my computer broke and i wanted to go on the computer so badly.
i agree with those experts because many people take the computer serious and always want to be on.
our life revolves around technology in general as the revolves around the sun.
when on twitter, facebook, google and you tube all the time its hard to find time for even the most important things.
the reader should know where he/she stands among these categories, so they will not be offended.
my second reason is kids might have to look important things up.
i think that people who find them offensive just need to stay away from them type of books, music, movies and magazines.
dear writers, are an avrage of computers per house.
so i hope you understand and agree with my reasons.
their friends could of won something important and they wanted you to be their but no they are just so busy on the computer.
typing is faster then hand-writing in some cases and papers can be saved electronically.
in addition, i happen to be a writer who write often everyday in many notebooks.
in all aspects, these books could be considered a waste of my life.
everyone should be interacting with someone.
""they sit at the computer eating & eating.
with the technological revolution came games like .
yes, everyone has a right to their own opinion, but thats there opinion and that doesn't make them always right.
should books, music and movies be removed from shelves if they are found offensive?
one electronic that has been useful in so many ways to people are the computers.
but, is not the only one who talks to relatives on the internet.
people should not take this censorship ability out of hand.
when they had no children of their own, the suffering of homeless children invoked sympathy in their hearts.
the boy was crying and was very scared but was safe.
that is soley based on the readers opinion, and everyones opinion is different.
last but least try to talk your libraien into makeing groups of books.
if kids were not so addicted to the computer than they wouldnt get into these websites.
computers also give us the ability to research places and things we never get the opportunity to see in person.
it always is a terror that falls violently.
each team has five players.
on a computer, you can just google what you need to find, and read the article or map, etc.
i was able to talk with my classmate and ask her questions online.
things like chating to people across the sea without having to pay for or even be there.
think about it, better reflexes, better hand-eye, better and happier doctor!
over time, computers have caused most people to be lazy.
books, movies, music, and even are all important in this life, and enviorment of ours.
two, computers allow people talk online.
this is my third school yet on the day i joined it was very nervous.
thank you for your time.
the people of the community should have a say on what goes on the shelves, because their the ones thats going to the library anyway.
finally the computer is a great place to find information and enlighten yourself.
ebooks are books but in an internet format.
dear harold, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits socity.
you can also meet new people with one of the many sites available.
i only get to see her once or twice a year in person.
you might also improve your self-esteem because you'll look in the mirror and feel great about your new, healthy looking body.
i can even type my name in a research bar and find me and anybody else with the excel same name as me!
the music that is played on the radio now days, shouldn't be on there.
when we get ill she is unrest.
goods spread all around.
others might feel the same way, and others not.
for and spending time with family and friends you can have a nice family reunion at their house just ""hangout with your friends.
when teens and other children have peer prushior its hard to say no.
i'm pretty sure you would try to do something to help them get off that path.
you can go on game sites and play thousands of different games.
the public should not be punished for one's intreast in themes, and how they take the book.
my father was dying without computer my father would die thang to computer i have father today.
writing a paragraph essay takes to long, so use your computer to help you out.
the communication is also great for businesses.
if the boat is rowed by more than one boatman, they should have a perfect and clear understanding.
for one, there are many sites out there that portray false information.
when you really do think about how much time people spend doing nothing, just sitting around, would a computer solve that problem?
people have a right to choose what books they want to read, what movies they want to watch, and what music they want to listen to.
there are thousands of websites that have chat places and are online chat rooms.
you don't want to have a boring life now do you?
he usually is much in a rush he picks off of other people's they would be finished faster, when every one wants to enjoy then food.
it's the company's fault so just simply don't buy it or take it back.
just keep reading you never know how the story might go on.
he goes to the library to check out the encyclopedias but... they are out of date.
many adults and children spend a lot of time on a computer every day and i think that is bad.
also you lose friendship with you family because you badly talk to them while your on the computer.
dear local newspaper, has come to my attention that computers have positive and negative effects on people.
will go down.
lastly, our own health.
there are many way you can get this information.
many people have papers and of important information and it could be lost in a blink of an eye.
just the littlest thing like playing a game of football will affect them to create a better with you and you chiled.
cennsorship in libraries to remove something a person dislikes off of a shelf, is assuming other peoples opinions don't count.
think about how someone really likes that.
well, in this commercial is laying down on and is eating an cookie.
in a study it showed that of people in the world has a computer as a communication tool.
internet websites can gives you pictures uploads almost every week.
everyone that will read this will think differently about censorship in libraries.
no matter where you are a compute can always be on available form of communication.
computers are also good for social networks.
these statistics show that computers are better for people's health than they are thought to be.
most teachers say that in students get good grades and they say that all that don't spend to much time all the computer.
lastly, if you are getting ready to go on a trip, you can check flight information with the click of a button.
it could cause problems for the libraies also, doing this by people not wanting to come back due to the fact of they have offensive material.
the whole house was reduced to ashes.
computers have made things a lot impact on children but we all new things i when we use computers.
i water them.
computers can take away your social life and you never do go out and meet people and friends.
dear local newspaper, i just wanted to say that i do i agree with you that some people spend a lot of time on the computer.
but if you keep doing nothing ever day your bady will all used to doing fun you can't move or walk.
your family is important so you need to spend time with them.
an example of this is, you have to fly out to and don't know anythin about it, use a laptop on the way over there.
if advances continue that number will increase and other problems arise from it.
it's the parent's job to tell the kids what to do.
if a natural disaster was to happen somewhere in people would need to know and computers are a great way to make sure everyone is updated.
computers can help kids with homework.
without a dubt, computer are very helpful.
for instance, you can go on a websites and learn about history everyday, insted of going to a museum about history everyday!
the computer hasn't been in use for that long and it is already helping society expand & grow.
we can study for tests by looking for websites with lots of information and we can also research topics that we don't understand.
the computer can teach us many new and exciting things.
finally, many families today never see each other because kids and their parents are too busy on the computer.
this basically means i can say what ever i want and support whatever i want.
learning on a computer is much more convenvent then going to the .
computers are like a pencil to a student.
the best way to take care of those things nature.
something has to be done about this.
school libraries such as the elementry and high school should have books according to their age groups.
people can make their own decisions, and can therefor choose wether or not to read the book to begin with.
so if you wanted to learn a language then you would go to google or something and try to find a fast easy site.
with all the computer games that they have for young kids it is improving kids hand eye coordination.
they need to think twice about what they're getting themselves into.
would you feel like prying through more shelves to be acccurate?
computers can be both good and bad.
every intelligent citizen would that computer have wrong information.
if a family with young children want to go to the library, the parents need to choose the appropriate areas in the building to search for the children.
it would provides financial, health, and community benefits.
computers are very helpful machines that increase productivity daily.
not only that, but people have found long-lasting careers because of the invention of the computer.
we can borrow one book at a time from the school library.
you get addicted then you will not do your homework then your grades will drop.
people in can talk with people in .
the online bullying and harassment is going to get worse people don't stop.
you were smart you would not listen to those experts have you ever heard of the word multi tasking?
i do not think they should have any completely inaccessible areas in libraries for children of younger ages.
we're all different even when it comes to this.
there are numerous books and movies which are deemed not appropriate for younger audiences.
people are entitled to their own opinion on what is appropriate level material for themselves.
computers solve problems that some people might not now about.
people can not take materials off the shelves because it is only offensive to some.
and you have no idea what the weather is like, you can go online to see if it's going to be snowy, or rainy.
computers do have positive effects on people.
at least of our population use computers every day and with out them our society would colaps/ .
there was a big garden.
we all sat together listening to her.
there are not children's books that talk about things that parents would find offensive to their children.
it's good to defend yourself.
however one of the most usefull qualitus of a program like word is that it allows you to change your work and add sentences or words wherever you want.
i think that the internet is great.
articles and books provide a description, nut nothing really gives the person a solid picture.
no, i do not think they should be removed.
read on to hear how i further explain my reasoning.
there is no way of making everyone completely satisfied, but with this system a lot of issues would be resolved.
but mostly i have to stay back as i am the eldest.
with no computers, how would you download music to an ?
this allows people no matter how far to talk to each other and stay in touch.
microsoft , for example is a program on the computer that is used to create documents such as peoms, essays, song lyric, and even letters.
another great things about computers is that there are programs that allow you to talk to other people.
i'm not saying everyone is alike but most people believe in things that other people believe in.
they take their food and rush to the water taps.
computers also help us learn.
in conclusion, computers do help us from everyday use.
moving from place to place was very hard and sad thing to do for me.
all kind of books should be in the library no matter what in my opinion.
if they offend you then do not read them.
i've gone in libraries plenty of times and in all my experiences i have never come across an offensive book.
i think the computer dire a postive effect on people all over the world.
they give me great joy.
my second topic why there good effects is that you can go online and talk to freinds.
and instead of spending ten minutes in a dictionary.
plus, you can plan vacation, to a place and be sure you will have enough money by checking the price online!
people who love animals and like to study animals should go out and get fresh air watch the animals study them.
people are becoming addicted to computers, there getting over weight, and getting no exersise.
in conclusion however, bad censorship causes people to become uneducated, at the end resulting in pure ignorance.
there is also websites that can show you how to move yor hands when using a computer.
the record earthquale in .
by spending more time on computers people aren't exercising.
another reason why computers are a good things is because you can catch up on all of the recent stories.
they go on things like ; twitter, facebook and myspace.
this could ba as simple as going on !
as each day goes by the minds of children become more and more cerious as to what the world has to offer.
don't you want your kid to get out there and live their own life when they become an adult?
if getting off the computer changed my families lifestyle then it will do the same to others as well.
of teenagers say they talk to other peers using , , or .
today i am going to convince you and society that computers are not as much as on issue as some people say they are.
i know that i think they are a great to we are lucky to have them.
which could mean that we would have no books on the shelves for anybody.
online websites and games are like hipnotysing the people and making them stay on for hours.
in this generation everybody is rushing and computers.
not only have computers helped kid but they also help adults.
they all let you share with all of your friends, and of you needed to, you could chat with far away friends or relatives.
children are directly affected by computer use in family settings.
communication would be, schoolwork would be far more difficult and we' lose a source that generates tons of fun.
the childhood obesity rate in america is climbing.
you are also going to miss out on the beauty of nature.
this is why i take great advantage of typing my paper every chance i get.
they are a daily tool that millions of people use positively.
this makes people happy, and still keeps them informed about what their family members, or friends are up to.
students need computers to help them complete homework and class projects.
for example, it can tell us about the series of shootings goiong on throughout or the many house robberies in our town.
learning brings achievement, a computer brings not succeeding.
they give people the opportunity to look at things & talk to that it traveled here they wallets empty faster than the speed of it.
there are a lot of other kids that do this as well, it really is very helpful.
it wouldn't be fair to take away something that some adults or teenagers only come to the library for.
did you know that people who use the computer often are usually less smart than kids who don't?
i say this becuause you go on the internet you do not get that much excirse.
, i believe that we should tell the people of about the dangers of using computers too much.
being able to use a computer really boosted my grade in science.
thats why computers help education.
i will give attention to discipline.
internet and computers are designed to suck in your brain, and attack you to all the websites and neat little things.
we can learn about how ancient egiptions lived, how the people in or make money or how they construct their houses.
just because someone is offended by them doesn't mean it shouldnt exist.
the lyrics are inapporiate of many young children, but you can look it up on youtube.
usually a hobby depends upon a person’s interest.
luckily, i was able to go on the card catalog on the computer and find many books on my topic, just by typing the keyword!
so readers of the .
there are also websites called online databases on the internet.
in a recent study, over of people just talk online to their friends rather than going out to meet them.
and the library need more style for the people are excited and take the books and read.
most families however, do have computers.
thats not in books go on a computer.
objects containing so called offensive material are always going to exist in the world we live in and they have for a while.
cars also have computers put into them.
i know you're thinking dont get detached, but they di.
this where the person your chatting with can hear and see exactly what your doing.
however, thank you for reading.
a doctor is just like a god for the patients.
if your ever trouble on something you could always look up information about it.
i think other wise.
it is as simple as that.
that isn't so bad, is it?
( was remaried to bonnie and now carrys a scars on his belly).
i personally have a skype and facabook, and i am able to access them everyday.
to whom it concern; i am writing this to let you know how i feel about the effects computers have on people.
i don't want that experience to happen to anouther.
the books, music an movies in this section are cartoons an animals.
they are too busy shooting animated rabbits to go see real rabits.
i think that computers does have a positive effect on adults and their children.
there are many reasons why computers can sometimes not be safe for your children or teens.
just a normal family whose lives have been changed due to computers.
so, say you stumbled across a book about the in the library and you are a person from negro descent.
more often than not they come to our help when we do not know what to do.
also, computers help deaf people talk.
i think this because, children can read this and then, they would beleieve that it is right to be races against other races.
computers can also take that information, and organize it on graphs, and computer programs such as microsoft powerpoint.
this also means that there are smaller incisions being made, so that means a faster recovery.
last but not least todays computers interaction with young minds increases ignorance with ads, and negleck of education and reading.
people just don't get modern day society.
you make that decision.
recently the new biggest site is facebook.
i, for one, knows this is fact because my family and friends touch each other online.
my personal view is that i think it wrong to have those kind of books at the library.
both world wars resulted in totalitarian regimes beeing taken down by the free, uncensored men of the democracies.
so next time anything else just think the other options.
now i'm sure you now many people have become extremely addicted to online games.
one reason why i think computers are only helping us is they help us explore othe places.
your childs curiosity could take them to inappropriate websites.
of in the .s use computers more than textbooks and get high test scores.
for conclusion i would say people should stop being lazy on computers and have fun in the world while it lasted.
dear local newspaper.
finally computers help us get our news foster.
therefore, the computer and the concept of surfing the web is bad because it consumes childrens much and because educationally computers can give the wrong information.
instead going to the store to buy things or walking to your friends house to talk, you would typically use the computer to do so.
another reason why books should not be removed is people are taught when to tell that something is offensive.
so in ones opinion about computers and what they do that can benefit the society that we live in and also benefit mankind as well.
absolutely nothing, but to teach them to take them home and show there little brother or sister a cuss word in the book is teaching them bad things.
i think that computers are perfect and can help you build skills.
that's why i think
another example, my sister gets home first thing.
email is where you can send a message and a wait a reply while on the other hand is where you get replys.
sure, computers let you interact with friends in family via e-mail, or messaging, or social networking websites such as or .
cellphones and calling aren't as quick as on .
not only are computers causing emotional danger, but also physical.
also, you are pushing your loved ones away by being on .
talk to loved ones or family members through your computer.
there are otherways to talk instead of games.
so as you can see computers are no good.
then we have 'no books left on the shelf' according to katherine paterson.
you guys can chat each other, check up on each other, and see how everyone is doing.
computers are one of the gratest inventions, and does have a positive effect on people.
reading things and them getting offensive is a totally different thing.
excersise should be a huge part of your daily routine, now sitting on your buttox all day searching pointless videos on ""youtube.""
chatting online can/should never replace time in person with friends.
books are a great source of information, letting the author express themself as well.
shows and movies on thier computer.
but really everything you would like to know is right there.
all of these, and more give you the opportunity to chat with friends living far away.
some adults don't care what there kids read but the library should.
he eats a small lunch and right back to playing.
i say this because all young children and teenagers want to do is get on to and all day instead of reaserching and things like that.
there ars still job like fixing computers bilding computers.
play games with each other.
instead of separating the kids, surprisingly they started quarreling amongst themselves.
its always nice to smell the nice air after being in school all day.
i'd bet your job requires you to use a computer, you probably even have a personal computer which you like to use to chat with friends.
and that is why i support advances in technology and behave computers have a positive effect on people.
he also told me that the zoo authorities take care of the animals in best possible manner.
seem a shock,"" says at "", but people who use computers an hour a day are much more culturaly advanced that the others.
also a recent article on computer usage states that people didnt have computers, half of the worlds discoveries would not be around today.
then be you shouldn't get a computer.
computers take the away fromhanging out with family and friend.
dear , the use of advanced computers have increased.
think about the animals don't you think they get enough torrocher evey year.
my friends say that computers are one the best because you can get help from the internet on homework assignments.
anyone can check out a book at the library.
in a world where we are raised to kill creativity, i find computers to be part artistic.
there are many words and concepts that have not be socially accepted of the centuries.
now these computers have transformed into pursuading boxes full hamful side affects.
put your wat on and walk outside and do something with yourself.
i believe that libraries shouldnt have to take out books with offensive language.
if you want to listen to music to keep yourself entertained, you can go on or other sites and find any song you want to hear.
my first reason why i feel that computers have bad effects is.
in the real world it is all natural and sometimes more beautiful than on the computer.
abosultly not because those book talks about real life and life is not always fair
now with music and movies people know they aren't real its just talk or acting.
we have the freedom of speech in the .
people are also losing the ability to interact.
my reason is that they shouldn't do that is they can lose everything like there jobs and etc.
all i got to now thank you for the oppurtunity to listen to my idea.
censorship would just be the start.it could lead to the government censoring information from the public that they don't want us to know.
you be asking yourself how computers are ecofriendly.
reported that of its million users, million users have friends that live in a different country.
in other words, computers can be used for fun!
unfortunately, these things would be viewed as innappropriate to a select audience.
for example you can shop online and google things.
first of all, people are on the computer way too much.
magazines shouldn't out on shelves for children to reach.
besides you recieving less exercise, you will also recieve less time with your family and friends.
computers are very helpful.
its their job to.
if you keep reading you'll understand why they need to do theis things.
always remeber the past so you can learn from it.
also allows you to type your information to make look orginzed and neet.
yes you can talk to other people online get friends.
spending so much time on a computer can really damage a person posture.
because many people even young children can learn and they will end up remembering the things that they learn.
scientist wonder if they were connected and relized they were.
lastly, i think the computer has a positive effect on people because even adults like to get on computers.
much of what is done on computers, like the study of faraway places, can easily be found in books.
my bestfriend, , called me one day from the train.
if everybody at took the books we found offensive off the shelves and threw them away, we would be left with no books to read.
they even miss out on just going outside and talking a walk the reason is because they are inside their house with their fare glued to the computer.
do libraries think if they do not publically display a controlversial topic no one will know about it?
please take this letter into consideration.
aint of people get home from work or and are very tired.
this number shows how many people enjoy the technological advancement of the computer.
this goes with reading as well.
more and more people are using computers on a daily basis, but i do not agree that this benefits our society.
because we live in the .s whats going on in other countries.
dear editors of the , morning, my sister wakes me up to go to school.
i hope you concider them and share them with the rest of the world.
if people continue to remove books because they're offensive, then there won't be any books left to read.
sitting down in front of the screen you aren't down in front of the screen you arents getting any exercise.
is a computer going to benefit society, or will they have catastrophic results.
i was caught.
if you let this catch on the generation will all need glasses its almost like a domino effect.
every human being has a different outlook on something that could be offensive or could not.
the first thing that needs to be contemplated is if something is offensive or not.
players have to look at an incoming ball, and guide their stick or mitt to catch the ball.
thank you and have a nice day.
people who spend a lot of time on computers are lacking important things.
and if you dont know person you dont know what they can do.
it is very helpful, it could make someone's life easier to handle.
this strain only lead to unpleasant things.
a lot of people like the books and the movies with profanity in them because it brings out the real in the book.
i remember when i was about , i went to a hotel in with family and a family friend.
actually, was a very good book.
whenever i get home from school, i finish my homework and stretch a little for cheerleading then whatch or go on the computer so i'm not bored.
they even allow people to talk online.
people will spend less time exercising, less time outdoors enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends.
people can pursue a large amount of information with a relatively small space as opposed to using a large area of books.
also it's being used for good.
of these ""ideas"" for not using the computer is very easy.
i do not really understand that.
it's not healthy to be on the computer for long periods at a time.
censorship in the world is getting worse everyday.
the rate at which most students and kids grow increasingly more obese, because of these new ideas involving phones and i-pods are completely sickening.
a person should learn to be tolerant of materials; others might truely enjoy it.
my last reason is what those people who have a hard finding work they always look up the best job for them over the internet.
well that must mean they have internet on their phone.
its good for your health, got fresh air.
so it really shouldn't effect you at all.
once your children get older allow them to roam the library and develope an oppinion on what types of books they enjoy most.
have you ever had a computer?
due to this, many people have no communication skills.
these are just a few of the things books are written about.
but you can get emails and instant message ways.
but libraries are to learn about many things such as reading for fun, reading the newsletter, or just looking for random information.
in one's spare time, they could use a computer to research the people of or the pyramids of .
books for a more mature mind should be monitored and placed upon a shelf out of reach from a child who can not yet handle that topic.
it was also packed.
from many thoughts and arguments people disagree with the school libraries.
i do hope that in the future we as a nation can overcome these small setbacks that are caused by an over reaction to something offensive.
it has very tall legs and a long neck.
yup, trees are killed for them.
some people are with technology that they almost get addicted to it and use it every chance they get.
year i wanted to play catch with my dad, but was on his old computer doing what he does.
most importantly people should spend more time exerciseing the they on the computer.
i just think that people should have to be a certain age for some of the things though.
secondly, you need excersize.
even if a movie has one offensive scene in it, the rest of the movie could be a great story that many people would benefit from seeing.
people stay inside all day and do nothing besides sit there and just click buttons.
these glasses aare really expensive.
of kids forget they made plans after school.
letting censorship of our libraries take place will violate a basic constitutional right, plain and simple.
then, the item will be shipped to your door.
censorship is the idea of blocking or removing things that are offensive to peoples belief's, their religion, their race and just their ways of life.
do you notice a lot of kids these days want to.
the issue i will have you read , is how people will become even less caring of the environment.
i walked into a third grade classroom and watched a girl spell '' thinking that was the correct why to spell .
by not doing homework, your grades could go lower & you most likely won't understand what you are learning in that class.
if yopu haven't talk to someone a long period of time you can just go to the computer and talk to them.
computers wvwn allow you ti advertise your small business or company to the whole entire world.
so do me a favor state legislator relize and come to terms how much society needs the computer.
children who rarely outside and excersize become overweight or obese.
i went home and thank my parents for all the support.
these reasons are my opinion that dont get rid of computers and other things.
education plays a key role in society and if we did not use computers out education that we would receive would not be the same as it is now.
after you have that skills, you should try to look at the computer screan.
you don't think that every single teacher visited somewhere else and that's how they know about the world?
clearly, using the computers takes time away from family.
ive heard a lot of people saying people need to spend more time with their family.
a person who is on the computer all day and does nothing else except that, then that is not healthy at all.
dear newspaper, i believe that computers have both possitive and effects on people.
public views are starting to take over the world.
it is a very fine line when it comes to materials that the library has to be considerd good or bad.
then you'll start getting overweight because you don't want to exercise.
i believe books, magazines, movies, music, etc.
everyone has a different opinion and taste to what they like or dislike.
thanks to them you can always stay caught up with the latest episodes of your favorite show.
computers another affect of the long hours spent in front of screen is a decrease in eyesight ability.
if they want to watch a certain movie or listen to a certain song, then why not let them?
the biggest use of computers now is communication through many websites like youtube, facebook, myspace and many others.
teenagers will usually go on the computer to talk to friends or maybe play games, i know i do.
it's your time now.
is a bestselling series with over a million copies that have been sold worldwide; however, it does not corrolate with many people's beliefs.
sometimes they even ask if they can meet up face to face.
as a person, i am well associated with my mind, and it desires the freedom of choice.
they don't realize what a big effect a computer can make on a person.
meeting new people is a good thing to .
they don't get to experience the outside world and the wonders of nature.
on many projects and homework assignments i have record kids say "" i just copied and printed an article on google.""
however some materials be as offensive to one perwson, it not be offensive to another.
i think that libraries should keep the thing in the shelves but seperated from the rest if found offensive.
for example, i have family in another country and one way we always talk is on the computer.
the rice plant belongs to the grass family.
you both get to choose what books you read, what movies you watch, and what music you listen to.
their mother keeps on shouting with them.
also i would not care if the policy in the library was not the right way to run it.
doctor is a child phycologist and when he asked kids if they would rather play outside or be on a computer, of them said computer.
for example, is a childerns game that has a chating interaction, were you can talk to who ever.
in personal life i can name so many examples entetainment.
she missed every ball thrown to her.
it gives a whole new look on things.
for example, read the book 'the ', which had some innappropriate content for a child in there, but not so bad that it would be heinous.
could do lots of things.
finally do computers benefits society?
the person that doesn't think it is, should have the right to read the book.
learning benefits a grade in school or in work.
dear of the , has come to my attention that several people are concerned with the technology boom and computer overuse.
i think that we have a freedom to read about, listen, or watch whatever we would like, and removing these things takes away our freedom.
some books could be very offensive to people and when they take their children or younger siblings to the library, they don't want them looking at that.
new technology like computers can change the world and help things faster.
i also think that there are some things that can be done to help appease the argument.
aim is a good way to talk to friends and plan get together.
people go to the library to read, study and to have a quiet time.
also state that the other of fortune companies plan to switch to computer based operations by the end of .
in addtion, many people believe that exposing people to violent, risky, and material with dangerous habits will evoke the same behavior in young children.
for example, their are lots of websites that offer online tutoring or good ways to help you pass school.
most people can live with it, but others can't.
i believe they will be in all of our homes.
second, people stay in the house on the computer other than exercising.
so what would you do if you found an offensive item at the library?
together we can make a change or find a cure.
other people shouldn't be able to censor a book, because it is innapropiate for children.
it would offend the person who wrote the book or made the movie.
they have to learn the difference between what's right, and what's wrong.
there are so many kids who chat with people they don't even know.
every book has a different experience that can help a child learn.
all in all censorship in the libraries should be a rule but to only the books worth keeping not these horrific books
a lot of today are censored because of the content in books, music, movies, and magazines.
where it starts to add up.
computers have been and always will be a huge part in our society.
offensive entering a you know your are going to find something interesting to read,listen to, or even watch.
trees are very useful to man.
there are many more reasons but this paper had alot.
not all kids like to read romantic or action books.
amny are becoming to on computers.
time they could be cseing to exercise or on .
some kids join in on the cyber bulling because other kids are kids give in to peer pressure because they want to get accepted by their peers so badly.
instant messaging allows you to have a conversation with someone that could be miles away.
first the books were written so they would be enjoyed by the public.
i do not think so.
overall think computers have a positive effect on people.
you just have to accept the fact that it's there, and it's not going away.
any document or piece of information can be transmitted from say, to .c in a matter of seconds.
finnaly, computers can allow people to stay in contact with friends who live far away.
computers also help with keeping in touch with friends and family.
some are just the artist sing and dancing in a background other times people make fun of other artists.
the computers that people think of are machines that sit in a room and is used often but not for its purpose.
for example, in school we use a program called, "" .""
also there are differnt kinds of companies like &t .
the peacock is a very beautiful bird.
this is one very important reason student use computer to research projects.
we do not need to add more to the table when we let the population gain access to obsene books that would typically make someone only rebellious to society.
use his left hand, as other children do.
another important reason computers are a wonderful technology item is because they make it so easy to find needed information.
many people do this and try to encourage their family and friends to do it with them.
to them, death is not a big deal.
now can you see how much the computer benefits society.
if something is offensive it is a personal choice to think so, so why take if off the shelf when they just do not have read it?
some people search porn sites, and hack into servers.
lastly it can even increase you chances of finding a job or helping out your job.
you can hear the latest stories on everything, and you can keep your information down for yourself.
second, one of the best thing's about the is that you can have your own beliefs.
local newspaper please consider my opinion, i feel that computers benefit are society.
or to enter tained while learning something?
your will not go out side and play and they wont get no exerse at all.
i also think this will help the problem because it will also allow you to get better grades.
all students should have the right to spend time on the computer but also to save time to spend outside and with friends.
do you want to relax and do something fun after ?
i say this because instead of going outside.
don't you think that people should go outside and enjoying the nature.
children look up to there parents or legal gardian.
just to make sure you get my point, let us recap.
i believe that computers have a great effect effect on people.
the story in wach book helps everybody comprehend what should be done in a real life situations.
this is where some kids go because they are addicted to the computer.
dear newspaper, your life without computers.
a slanging match started.
they can go sit on their porch to wait for their kids to get off the bus from school.
last but no least, everyone everywhere needds to stay healthy.
""without advances in technology we have a better and safer earth generations to come.
aim and let you see whats goign on with your friends that you might see everyday or once a year at camp.
last , i am going to talk to you more about why and how you could .
like me , a chance to say whats on their mind.
would they just be able to take it off the shelf
we could talk via the internet and things like skype to communicate witness waring to and burn.
and they cannot have a good contack with them.
they also have different areas where you can find movies or magazines.
when people start going on the computers they stop doing a lot of things.
other people actually use their computers for things that they need.
but some policemen are very honest and polite.
the invension of the computers were a very short cauculator.
internet goes beyond teenagers on and .
i think computers are more benefical to society then some people relize.
it was pretty sad because i'm always told i have a huge family that is very known to our town but i have no clue who they are !
in the long run it will pay off, especially with the economics problems our country is having now, by helping us save money,.
takes over days at least to recieve a letter back or an email from them if they live faraway with computers instant !
along with the rating, there is an explanation as to why that movie is rated the way that it is.
you could be improving your coordination and not even know it!
that doesn't mean that some items such as centain types of music of movies are inapropate his or her age.
without a computer to look up for content things, you have to go to the library and check out a bank.
no, your computer froe, what are you going to do now?
life would have been much more difficult.
first of all, computers are a benefit to society because they have the ability to and teach teach us what seems like infinite information.
many think that computers are not bad to have, but the good over shadows those aspects.
there are some things that people need have in a library if they are doing a project that way they have the resources to do it.
let's not wait any longer.
seeing these things in books, movies, magazines and etc.
they give you bad ones to careful when your on a computer.
out people who store their pictures in a computer agrees this is the best way to do .
also, possibly you are having trouble with math homework and you are home alone, what do you do then?
the read will most likely learn what the material is saying regaurdless of weather it is in the library or not.
hopefully you agree with me because it will surely tak a positive affect.
if you were offended by that one thing, do you think you should have the right to have it taken away or banned?
computers are very beneficial to society.
some people think that using computers deprives people of going out and exercising.
do the members of this well-known and captivating newspaper think that the effects of people owning a computer are good or bad?
for example, kids with cancer, or even need to check them can let you talk to this kinds in.
computers don't harm, they help.
people believe anything they are told as long as enough people are saying it.
also they should know the right ways to haddle it when they are put in certain situations.
the more you move them the more excersise you can get.
they changed the way people think and how they look at the world.
there are good things about computers, but the less time you spend on them, the better it is for everyone.
children being obeast causes lots of depression.
when it can be an educational resource it is very helpful.
i also ask, "how do they stay fit?"
i don't think so it is that helpful and easy to work with.
also if evryone took things off the self what they found unoppropiate then we wouldent have anything left to read, listen to, or watch.
he does grate in school too.
great hand-eye cordination, magnificent information, and colorful people like i said, the world is just a click away!
the computer is a great way to socialize with friends.
i hope this helps you with you questions about how computers effected people.
more american on you do both just be lazy.
under the constitution we are garentied freedom of speech.
in addition, sites can teaching people how to clothings are always nearby.
then people go to that library to find the information that they are looking for, with the wide selection the library has to offer.
again, you thought wrong.
similarly, censorship limits what people can watch.
computers are good to some exstent, but some kids find the computer essential to their life.
i do alot of things on my computer mostly games and social websites like myspce.
when this happens, people stop reading the book and other books in the same category.
i that after careful consideration you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people.
people never talk to eachother face to face anymore.
everyday people buy computers this invention is very helpful as time goes on sciantists are makeing new things to save llives.
the first thing you could do is learn.
i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
a man find a book offensive to him or his family but another man just like him find the book funny and joke about it.
they also have little childrens songs which no matter how annoying that most of it is, it's alright for anyone to listen to.
sadly, my lecture has come to an .
go on a family vacation, somewhere fun.
people just type what they are looking for into the google search box and press enter.
but the people who like the item say like an explicit they would probably buy it.
as one can see the computer is bringing more and more families together.
if someone think there inlove and when the cople meets the dont know how to interact, then there is a real problems.
so i was so happy that i lerned how to use the computer and type.
being with your family can make your bond between each other stronger and you can get along with each other better.
the computer also help you fine the history or book online so you can do your homework or project.
my family members live in , and i just can't catch, a plane every day to go visit them.
so i want you to take a survey of how many people find computers effective and you'll be surprised.
but on this one, i must say i agree with the experts when they say computers have a negative effect on people.
another reason that computer are good for people is because it helps them communicate with theri friends.
i would have, by that time been exasperated and brushed them away.
dear local news paper name is , i'am part of the middle community.
there is a great rush at the booking windows.
dear reader, has had a dramatic effect on human life.
always think to yourself about what your doing before you decside
what if you're family all and to talk to them percent of people commucate online, and thats not a bad thing.
books and movies are a way for many people to use their imagination and creativity.
all of a sudden her face lights up with the thought of her friend .
they'll never get old!
what will you do?
children are curious little beings.
to who consern, i belive that books,movies, and magazines should not beremoved from the shelfs of a library if they are found offensive.
you ask the amount time spend on computers is much more damaging than this.
i know people argue that computers should be used less, but could you get through a week without using one computer?
all you need to do is type it in on google.
there should be a huge meeting.
you have to keep your eye on the and move your arms and hands to hit the.
freedom of speech is a law and should be followed.
gyms are way better than computers.
is your choice in the end, but not all people have the same tastes in books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
it shouldn't that for but its became an epidemic, eveybody is being sucked into their computers!
everybody should be able to read a book if they want in a library.
you can get a lot of good information on the internet but you can also get a lot of bad information.
dear readers, if i told you that every time you sit in front of a computer, you are that much closer to death?
but one thing i do know is that the computer is a very helpful rescource to them.
whenever i have the ability to use the computer, i always do.
as you can see computers have many resources you can learn from learning websites and history arent even half of them.
a person believe in something very strongly, and then a book goes and makes fun of it or trashes it in some way.
but more importantly, this would be the job of the parents to monitor what their kids are reading, watching, or listening to.
i come back home and finish my lessons.
also, computers help students with school.
sometimes people have to work on there computer every day so if that is the case they i think they should be alouded to use the labtop or computer.
so now you know why i'm all for computers.
that is why i think computers are a great exercise for your well being and personality.
we ate apples and sweets.
if you take books away from the libraries then you loose sales.
soon the moon was shining brightly.
again i thank you for reading this letter.
in fact the are the best bet for a better future.
i would help develop the all-round personality of all the students.
finally, a computer is help when it comes to school or work.
if you are trying to cook a stir fry but you don't know what to put in .
although some people do not always benefit by having a computer, most the time people are satisfied, and do benefit from the use computers.
my first reason is that computers hurt your eyes after a long time sitting at them.
therefore some people hunt them to get their feathers.
clearly, they are a positive addition to our world.
also, parents you computers for work or maybe to get away from work to take a vacation they need took book it some how.
later in life, when things are bad for them, they will realized on how many fantastic things they missed.
at the age of .
thats when you start piling up the stacks right in front of him/her.
and if all the books are taken off the shelves, then all the books in stores would have to be thrown out as well.
when kids get older, they mostly don't want to interact or spend time with their family, they want to spend time with their friends everyday.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
finally, a relative is away, you can still talk to your uncle or grandma, the relationship just gets better.
on , , myspace.
to bring magic in you include carrot, onions, garlic and plenty of leafy vegetables in your diet.
the obeast rate has been higer than it ever been.
at the end you know we all need to type our essays, lesson and more.
even , and handwriting enthusiest, says "" is so much easier than having to write!
in some magazines can be pictures in which you don't approve in either.
more and more people use the computer.
not everyone thinks computers are good for you but they are a very good resorce to find information.
newspaper and readers, computers are a very large part of our lives and society.
studys from the university of show that people think its easyer and to use a computer to comunicate.
also, i think that anything citizens find offending should be hidden in some sort of area in a store or library.
that way, there's no hassle with a plane voyage and it's much easier.
also, others complain that people need to more out in nature.
imagine a student playing basketball, and his teamate passes the ball to him and he can't catch it because he has no hand-eye coordination skills.
dear local newspaper, i overheard some people talking about how much time their families spend on the computer.
i felt at that time that it was a wonderful moment because even though they are both in opposite directions the two are still having a great time.
kids who use internet know that poeple need privacy and that comes with responsibility because you should know that.
parents stress all the time about where their kids are, what they are doing, who they are with, and so on.
the airplane started flying down.
when you are sitting in front of a computer screenplay games or sending e-mails, that's just as as palying video games on your .v.
you'll find endless pages on anything.
if you find something offensive just keep yourself and your children away from it.
where's the variety?
although, ""the survey of what people do,"" states that of people who use computers are healthy both physically and emotionally.
also the students can use the computer as a way to study.
you can search up famous people from the past or people from now adays.
computers are only here to make our lives.
i agree reading helps our youth learn and excel in schooling, but offensive books and magazines put nasty ideas into their minds and distort their way of thinking.
also if you wanted to ask a friend what she is doing on .
i can also go on the internet with commputer's.
as editor of the newspaper, you have the power to inform people about situations.
therefore i believe that there should not be censored books in a library, and parents should have the right to ask for them to be removed.
libraries should be allowed to have anything on there shelf that they please but allow it to certain age groups.
also, what you are in a band or a group, and need to contact them while you are out of town?
have you ever thought of how a computer is made or how every small part of a computer is installed?
serch the web!
after many reports about the book, the book was taken out of the library.
its unbelievible how that is allowed on public websites for everyone to see.
i personally think that if people could do that they would, but is everything someone else finds offensive really offensive to you?
websites made entirely for those interesting a particular culture can also prove helpful.
and they will go out and do anyways.
simple activities can be lost because of an addicting game you call fun.
furthermore, going online too much has been known to produce a second life.
with all the fast food places pople need exercise more now than ever.
although rmoving the books from most people might not help alot because some people would like to have that book that they won't find anywhere else.
eveything in this section is made for children there is not one thing in this section where the child or parent who think is offensive.
we dance to it , sing to it , workout to it , and most of all we just enjoy it.
vidios let you watch things like something funny to cheer up you day.
most people have experienced a friend or relitive move, when this happens not all hope is lost because with the use of you run stay in touch.
for example i was restricted from watching rated movies or things with innapropriate sexual actions.
it's like a mother begin in your house.
bad things, and things on what you should do.
speaking of not using big books for imformation computers don't use paper and will lead us to a healthier tomorrow!
you work, because you need to shovel the drive way and your car off and that can get very tire some.
the place was crowded.
company stopped making them until they came up with a new computer that is the one ever.
people are able to read, shop, and play online.
while i was at the library there was a gigantic storm brewing.
whether it is a magazine, movie etc everyone in the world is going to see it some way or another.
my oppinon is that same say people use their computers so much they dont yet exercise.
some of the older people think different and others they think the same.
for ' for example was banned in public schools for some reason.
cell phone prices would go through the roof.
online isn;t a safe place, thats why you should talk in person not on a chat room.
instead of reading on the computer, read a novel, you can ask your parents to drive you to the library.
the social networking sites have kept of friends in touch found in magazine.
some people enjoy reading and listening to that kind of music.
not only can you stay in touch with your friends, but you can learn about the current events.
so if your a mother of a worker and you would like to go back to school you should consider taking on line colleg classes.
this really how we want our future generations growing up, looking blankly at computer screens?
need an idea of where to go?
in conclusion, advances in technology will improve hand-eye coordination, teach people about far away places and people, and allows people to talk online with other people.
i would get so mad, i would put the book down and walk away.
this is only one reason why i think that, although they are useful, computers are not entirely beneficial to our society.
the typing is giving your hand lots of exersise because your hands are moving all over the place.
people are technology they don't care about their and surroundings.
i do not think books should be removed from the shelf because the book has offened a few people.
i remenber my old elementery school used to play many amusing math games.
you hit the ""sen"" button and before you know it, a new letter is sitting in you friends inbox.
work is worship.
in the days before computers we were isolated in our immediate area.
dear the , your resources, your entertainment, even your communication with people might be fading.
without imforming our generations of these issues could result in a repeat of history, which we as a country are trying to prevent!
the author is merely taking advantage of their freedom of speech.
would you really want to use something that bad toward your health and your privacy?
how far is to far?
or the movie with the sex scene in it could give your child the idea to go out and practice what was taught.
students use the for many reasons.
the computer effects peoplelife by taking them away from their family and have is reasons why the computer effect the people lives. )
it's faster and easier.
lastly, mis-information can be another negative impact from computers.
for example: : want to go ride bikes?
when they are not busy they should go upstairs and check and see if there are any young children up there.
so we need to keep the books on the shelf and let people learn if not we could be in danger.
katherine is correct in many ways.
also, you can make new friends.
these are all the reasons why be should banned these things from our children.
also computer's can help you with your homework.
because of an increase in technology, children and adults are not spending time with their families.
she is so focused on the computer screen then what is going on around her.
all people think diffrent and they know what they want to read, hear and watch all by them selfs, they don't need someone to tell them.
you can also understand about what happens when you say bad things out of the offensive books.
so learn, experience, and express.
this will help learn about diffrent contrays.
i say that of all people that don't always go on the will live a better life then the people that are always on the .
i do not believe this amazing novel should be seen in this way.
one way is that when you are online and you see something you like or want to see even bigger, you move the mouse and click.
the park was converted into a fairy-land.
theres a website calle myspace.com and it allows me and other people to talk online around the world.
even if the child does not check the book or magazine out, who is to stop that young, impressionable mind from flipping through the pages.
although other things have affects on youth, books are a different story.
they are entertaining and fun too!
then the main level or area should be teen books.
i can mess up your social life with family and friends.
whats more is that they can be in the bedroom or room.
all you have to do is search what you want information on and millions of articles will be at the click of mouse.
you are also able to book flights weeks or even months before you even go to the airfort.
everyone will turn out to be the same if they can't express themselves or their opinions.
obesity is not a hard thing to get rid of.
this means you will have time for anything.
do a adults and kids spend to much time on the computer?
to answer the question everyone is asking i believe that computers don't benefit society at all and hopfully i have encouraged you to believe this too.
i worked hard all night to get it done.
when you see a sale on a ""five nights and four days"" trip to , you want to know what better sale they have.
finally, computers allow people to learn about different places around the world.
the had to make room for other books.
more and more people keep getting sucked into the amazing things that computers can do and forget all about the other more important things in life.
so you call an electrician has to be good with his hands to be able to work with small wires.
sure and a lot of others love their computers.
i use the internet to reasearch for school projects.
in conclusion, censorship in libraries is limiting and wrong.
addiction to computers is also a very negative impact.
i think this quote goes along with this topic very well, because the book not mean something to one person but it mean the word to someone else.
my grandmothers computer got a virus off of a website that website was .
while playing on the computer, the mind be racing but the body sits unmoving, activity is being done.
they will get many facts about that place.
ever since the was invented obesity and lack exercise in a person's schedule has skyrocketed.
if a library that i visit has censoring on most of their materials, i would convince the library staff to take the censoring off.
at the of the day i think that censorship should never be allowed in libraries or anywhere else public.
no parents wants to see their go through young.
this could also be a way to learn another language.
i know i do.
you can learn about the culture of , the food they eat in , or even the way people dress in .
not only adult's do this though.
but would it not be much better for them to be there, you on when it is hapenning.
then take a nice walk or stroll in the park.
books often allow students to think in different, new ways.
that is the problem.
yes, exactly what i thought well the new technology advances in social-networking can even help the most bored and lonelyest people and give them something to do.
this advancement in technology has made the century the most modern era this world has ever seen, and is beneficial to society.
if everyone took a book off the shelve than none would be left.
well i think you can't use a computer too much.
this device is called the computer, and it's changed 's society for the better.
when a librarian takes a book off of that shelf, an opportunity is forever gone.
dr. much says that, "" have forgotten the fun in playing outside and lost the determination they had to do well in school.
my third reason is schools need computers for students and teachers to write reports, file the students name and grades into it.
first of all, computers can stop children from exersizing. ""
its also tru that you can gain more hand eye cordanation with those nifty devises.
i do believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelf.
i would go on the computer and find the best part to go to and i would look at different hotels to stay at the reviews it has gotten.
you can lose your real friends.
what if a young child were to stumble across an innapropriate magazine.. they would have the images stuck in their heads and could lead to unlawful decisions.
that is why helps people learn a different language.
, expert on human behavior, says that when people spend less time on the computer, ther spend more time together.
instead of talking to myspace, why don't you grab and plays family board game!
the might be so more this lands.
here are my three reasons having a computer is a good thing.
thats why i think video chating on the computer is a good thing.
for example, they can create points and presentation to providea , students can on what they learned at school.
this is also good if you business online.
my aunt gave me and album of stamps on my birthday.
dear newspaper, people are spending to much time on their computers.
to open my statements, overuse the computer con lead to poor health.
my second reason who f think computers have terrible effect is because eye damage.
can have its positive effect on people, but too much of isn't a good thing.
so i can not tell you i wouldnt be mad but i still would just put the book down and not touch it again.
either way everyone has their own opinion of what makes a great book.
you simply send your message, then do whatever you want while you wait for a reply.
it is all caused by what they see or hear around them.
children should say no to drugs and to books that are influencing the opposite.
if we remove books that be offensive to one, we are taking away that opportunity for others.
in the world we live in now, everything is getting technilogical.
in other words, censorship is part of fascism and should not even be considered in society.
dear newspaper , i firmly believe that computers are beneficial to today's society.
did you know that the kills aproximately million trees a year for book.
for all those lovers out there, the computer is an alternative.
third, communication are going to be a hole lot with computers.
also adults like to check websites for the news and to catch upon sports.
the air that we smell is not clean because they don't care about nature.
this is why i think books that offend some people should't be removed from the libraries.
to me, i think computers are a positive effect on people.
for example some people play world of war craft get addicted and cant stop!
that would be tking away from a librarains job.
the cyberbullying normally occures in a chat room online.
dear the daily newspaper crew, i have seen some of your own disagree about using computers.
if you think about it, this effect on people can ruin their eye-site, and social skills.
there are a lot of advantages to computers.
i have gone on excursions to almost all nearby hill stations and health resorts.
this is the case for many other people too.
being with ones you know and love is much more beneficial, because computers drag you in you are taken away from the real world.
they spend their time watching pointless videos, while they should be playing baseball or football.
computer use has risen to a substancial crisis line, because they are addicting.
his parents started to get tired of it so they took his tv and laptop away so he could go outside and play with his friends.
do what makes you happy and nothing else.
you can play a variety of games, watch missed episodes of your favorite .v show, streame live movies, watch viddeos on , and much more!
also another thing are advertisements.
another time that i would say to use your computer is when doing some work, projects or homework.
more than of the population computers benefit society and have gotten people all over the world smarter and advanced.
a few days after price siddartha’s queen mahamaya died.
their history is completely makeshifted by the government into a psychological madness.
will keep them from that anyway.
so as you can see i have made an opinion on what they should do either keep the books, magazines, or movies off the shelf.
with them we not only learn hand-eye coordination but we invest in more money for the.
my mom never bothered to answer that question, but if she did she would make up some story.
it is their job to just offer information
a test done by showed that teens will rebel times more than usual with the aid of a computer.
but with all this technology we still need to find a balance.
using the internet and a search engine, all you have to do is type a topic and you can get all the latest articles in just seconds.
you can order , , , game cube, x-box, x-box , wii, you even computer games.
people like using the computer because it is very useful when you need it most.
try something else such as an adult section.
by ripping our computers from lives of workers chaos would be created with many unappealing consequences.
computers prevent people from enjoying nature to get fresh air.
yes its not heathy but its their dissition.
when you sit at a computer than eventually you are going to make yourself sick and in some cases die if you were up that late.
when i was taking fruit and enjoying dancing, i suddenly woke up.
in the past, everyone has computers and gets knowledge from them.
like being able to communicate with your friends.
it helps by knowing the meaning of new words.
well keep reading to find out!
middle school student.
we thank god when he leaves.
alot of times one thing that someone finds funny could offend another person to no end.
they ' benift you.
in conclusion, i think that computers do have a good impact on people.
that is not right and it is setting a terrible example for the kids.
coputers are an important afect of our lives.
he is my class fellow.
just imagine, more people outside and healthy.
computers people in the , but they help travel fastre for example say you heard there was hurricane or tornado and you needed to find out how .
for example, why would a person buy an object that does not seem appealing to them?
computers and other devices are good for humans especially young people like myself because they are good for communication, keeping the attention of the and providing unknown information.
i believe that with the advances in technology it would give us positive effects on people.
it will benefit both sides of this argument.
the last reason but defenitly not the least you will forget to interact with your friends and family.
my third reason is, computers help people learn new things.
stay up laye on the computer they are, have fatigue the next morning.""
he used to weigh over pounds.
he plows the fields.
""everyone is already online.""
finally the dangers of a world like this with how the government whats to mess you up.
computers, to be percise.
some people think gay rights, abortion, and teenage sexual activity are offensive.
also the library should have a section to where only the certain age can read that book.
using the computer for email or a chat site like facebook will do that.
dear, , would life effect you if you did not have a computer?
there would be something just a bit different or new about whatever that person is checking out.
even today some people in some parts of the world worship the sun as a god.
you can have family that just went on and you can keep in touch with them through your e-mail, myspace, facebok, ect.
plus if you think about it computers have very reliable resourses that are more updated then books.
ratings show what's appropriate for a twelve year old verses a twenty-five year old.
am i right?
first off, computers help technology so much.
he wasnt offending you.
blocks off things that you think is important for your child., especially if your child is into sex.
dear newspaper; i bileve that computers are good for our society.
if one finds a book offensive, look in a different section.
you can also interact with your family if they have a facebook or .
i you to be in of negative effects on people.
the internet can be for alot for things like to talk to your friends and family.
though certain books or magazines have offensive subjects or materials in them, if they were to be removed, how would we learn?
also out of the of familys that live faraway from each other use the computer to comunicate.
the second reason why i support advances in technology is because we can chat with friends and family online.
i believe it should all be up to the individual to chose what they should do with what offend others.
high school student.
'' say that word!'
you like the sound of this?
according to a recent study, of citizens have talked with a friend or family member living across the country via the internet.
from out of our libraries for being offensive, where would we draw the line between offensive and not?
should 'person one' still have the right to say that text does not belong in a public location?
last reason why i that we should use computer is because sometimes have to go on the for example you had important message the website and you message you.
like one time i was searching (.com) on how to fix a playstation controller.
lastly the internet is a good source for fun they have millions of games on the internet and also fun websites like facebook.
kids or adults will be unhealthy, kiods will be too obsessed with the computer and lastly they won't spendtime with family.
please use computers to help our everyday routine.
computers can help with our educational needs.
computers have had a very vital and positive impact on society.
but, you most likely are going to need a credit card.
if the presedent couldent vidio conference he would be flying everyware.
but i think high schoolers should only be aloud to do this because they are more mature than younger ones.
seeing different things enriches our life and can make us better people.
using computers, people can learn about new places and things whenever they want.
they now have planes that can be flown by a man far away and this would save there lives even if it gets shot down.
this is a great way to stay in contact wen people move, go away on a buisness trip go on vacation, or even to meet new people.
i think it good to have computers because when your younger and no more friends you have been really to them but you with them.
more than half the world have these communication source because one it easier and you get more of your mind.
its a quicker and new way to meet new people.
secondly, kids in school use computers to do homework, class work, research for projects, or to go and study island and education.
censorship in libraries and media should be abolished
then theres laptops.
should i not care about what i am forced not to see?
book i think about removing certain materials such as books, music, movies, and-or magazines is that it should be your choice.
finally, computers handy because they telephone.
they have math sites, english sites, studies sites, and (a science teacher favorite) for everything you need to know about science.
for example you can send an email insted of snail mail, the mail would go faster and save paper!
ask or search anything and you should have a guarentee your answer will be found!
it has a stone building.
thank you for your time.
there was alot of cool things there that i saw.
even if it means that some content is innapropriate.
so not only is the computer good for going on and , you can help get your grade to an a+ on that history report.
communication over computers benefit now society can interact between one another.
in conclusion, i don't think censorship should be put on materials in libraries due to the fact that many information could be lost.
be someone has a game.
is a good place to get computers so is &t.
if does work men went them to do.
you can also hook other gaming system up to your computer to play with other people and even yet hints and cheats too.
when teens sion up for facebook and twitter they are signing up for depression.
the answer is simple, it makes us feel connected.
actuly of teens can type in a minutes who takes minutes.
father took immediate action.
computers keep families togetherm and you might just got a little surprise every now and again!
he is a kind and humble man.
you can also use webcam where you can actually see the person talking to you and they own see you.
places such as pyrimids in in , and .
that's how i'll first learned how to read by computers and putting forse to my self.
many people around the world use computers to communicate.
dr. , a teen psychiatrist, says ""i think this is a great idea for to communicate with other through the computer.
you have any interaction websites?
kids like me always have homework on the computer.
they are useful because they tell us about the world.
thank you for your attention, and remeber one thing: computers can always have a negative effect on many humans lives.
if you don't have enough time to go the to a library, you can do some research at your house.
more insulting than finding books of issues completely unrepresented was to find that they were treated so separately.
i wouldnt want my little sibblings watching something that they didn't need to see or hear.
katherine said, 'and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
the computer can help the socitey communicat.
it is more effective just to go to a local or to work out.
you will still have to deal with people not wanting a certain kind of book, but those people will just have to deal with it.
this is my first reason.
they have to fill out an alpaction out online when kids get older they want to look up schools they want to go to.
the citizens of have the responsibility of exposing the truth and teaching our children the differences between right and wrong.
but why should your values and beliefs dictate what another person can or cannot get from their library?
the computer truely is unbelievable.
sexual preditors are a parents biggest fear to kids.
also it help kids that it stimulates the nerves in the hands and brain for kids that have had sergery on there hands.
i don't believe they should be removed, but i do believe these materials should have limited access.
so dont let the computer have another second of your time.
they become lazy and don't want to do anything.
and you give them permission by clicking that continue with install button.
it's like it's hypnotizing us because we simply don't want to get up.
they also said that on being on the computer has taking more teens the streets and in their homes.
i learned that of children there exersice only once a week.
computers are wonderful.
quickly rethink that because that just be the worst mistake you could ever make computers can tech hand-ey coordination, they can also give you very useful knowledge.
the computer would help them find website that they could get a free education.
americans have now spent most of the time web surfing, playing online games, and interacting with online chat rooms.
if a you look back to the times before computers, you will notice that you will rarely see an overweight child.
a at in mentioned that, ""i prefer using the internet for research in .
i do not think that the books, music, movie, magizines etc.
while you're looking at the screen your hand is moving the mouse where you want it to go.
many believe that books should be taken out if they are not appropriate for all audiences.
without having to lock down at the keyboard.
computer have a positive effect on people.
a person's eye sight is most likely to drop if they are on the computer everyday.
music everybody has there on type of music you can't just start taking music of because you think it's offensive.
my mom also uses the computer to go on .
this allows the student to get full credit for their work.
if the movie is not appropriate for your children then do not let them watch .
now, this.
the can go ahead and complain that they dont't want it there.
maybe, the states would become smarter and contain more knowledge.
if ancient egyptians had computers, they would have built millions of .
well how you ran do all your on line.
she goes to college on the internet because she has to take care of her two children.
without the internet, we would be very behind on important news updates around the world.
they are used by just about everybody.
but if a child is not taught that those things have bad effects they will learn the hard way.
first of all, with the extreene amounts of typing needed for colleges, most occupations, and everyday list, computers have made this faster and easier process.
you use a keyboard for all this so you also learn how to type.
many jobs on the computer how out it isn't a job.
my is people should go only on the computer if they really have to do something such as type a reports, check your e-mail etc.
before computers medicine like tylonal was used for everything.
or even just for fun or to learn something new that you never knew before.
yet, look at all of the advantages to a computer.
what gave them the right to decide what their people could or could not read?
websites accessable threw a computer help you do this, such as facebook, myspace and this can effect yours and mores.
they are certain books, music, movies, magazines that people find quite offensive.
another big target for censorship in some countries is the .
i did all my research on the computer.
to start off, as an eight grades, we are prepared to go to high school.
most of the books were too mature of a read for me anyways, butt i still looked through them all.
computers teach hand-eye coordination.
when you start to notice that your family needs a vacation what is the only place to look.
if someone is offended by some literature then they should try to make it against the law.
there are also a lot of other programs like powerpoint, photoshop, or video-editing.
in conclusion, computers will be something that will help us for a long time and it benefits us.
there are millions of people that play games on the computer.
like i keep saying its only a click away here is another topic, online banking.
studies state that addiction is almost as bad as smoking addiction.
what would we do without them.
it provides them with the lastest stories and updated events.
you could also meet new people.
if you exercise everyday such as ""workout"" to get fit you will definatelly manage that instead of using ""computer time"".
college students need books no matter what they're about.
dear local newspaper, i've heard that you were taking a survey to see if people believe in computers or not.
there are several problems and risks that come with a computer.
how would i get along with these students?
i do not think it should inconvience someone to have to go elsewhere to get that cd,game,book, or movie they were looking for.
although kids should start going outside, computers, teaches kids new things, and is useful.
thats what i think about people trying to take the books off the shelf.
censorship in libraries results in more problems than solutions.
some people still might think that computers are bad for you, and they cause lack of excercise, but i beleive people have the to make friends.
everyone has a different point of view and no one person has the correct or wrong point of view that the has to follow
dear have you ever wondered how much the world wide web has to offer?
palces have different types of culture.
humans having a major differences in characteristics, meaning they don't enjoy all the same things.
one evening, i got home from school, i didn't know what i had for homework.
by your side even through your worst.
it just be a good thing to have these types of books whether its stating a fact or stating their own opinion.
this frays the bonds between people, and once can't work together, even with family, can't work together at all, and nobody wants that.
he grows food crops.
there is nothing but nude women in there.
there are many reasons that computers are a good thing for the world.
mabey you want to go in to town with a friends just send them a message by or aim.
other poets of nature who have impressed me most are keats, robinson.
outside you can the gentel breses the warm sun the cool grass, you can smell fresh pine and clean air.
and you never know what they could be like.
one of the main reasons why i think it should be left alone as is so that the children can read it.
i would give more importance to co-curricular activities.
computer usage will keep you in the !
so the computer can save us from failing!
there are predator all over the internet and can pretend they are someone from school and ask where you live.
so easily someone can steal credit and information by placing offers that seem ""too good to be true.""
allows people to talk to family that lives far away, and it also helps to make new friends.
let me explain more these reasons.
they have the option of either picking it up and reading it or the option of not paying it any attention and ignoreing it.
let readers have their freedom.
arguments about every little thing will always be at hand.
i think we can all agree that computer usage is a very controversal issue.
dear: i think computer are one of the most inventions ever.
the computer is like a disease or a virus that controles you and gaining your freedom from it perfectly possible.
my last reason i think computer have a positive affect on people is that it can help you with jobs.
computers are a giant step into new technology.
if you don't get that right ideas you read then you can ask your teachers, it is appropriate time.
i hope you say "" , they are an positive effect "".
computers are an easy way to stay in touch with family, too.
through computers they can talk to them as long as they want at no expense.
research shows that of children encounter ""child predators; would you want to see your child be hurt by horrible people?
for example think about google earth; it allows the human eye to see clear pictures of anywhere in the world!
the computer allows you to learn about far away places and important people without making that trip to the library.
in addition, computers have given us amazing ways to entertain ourselves computers have a incredibly positive effetct on people.
people are people and everyone should be treated the same.
the computer can give you so much information it is unbeleiveable, you can look up anything and even ask questions.
that goes to show it can cause problems in familys everywhere because of a video game!
also, if kids need to search from school then they can also do that there are many reasons why people should get computers.
meaning consumers will stop going to that library and one thing could lead to another.
like, they could go on the computer and learn what's happening in the world.
students stay off the streets and only cause trouble with siblings at home.
first, i stated the first one because a couple of weeks ago i had a social studies research project.
also there is less time in your schedule for more important things when you're adicted to facebook.
i think the computer is a great of learning.
if you also how the economy is doing, you can look up tax rates and how find out how much our country is in debt.
first off, comptuers are great way to communicate with other people whether it's instant-messageing, email, video-messaging, or services like .
dear newspapers, i think that computers have a possitive effect on people because you could chat online.
i think every one should have one.
lastly, computers have cause another problem called bullying.
many kids, not mostly boys, to what i see at school are absolutely loving online gaming.
the answer to that is through our history.
they also help you to get ready and not be stock in your house on that nice day in .
just make a new section for it.
computers also waste space.
these are the books i remember.
don’t hurt your dear ones even in your disturbed moments.
just imagine this you straight a student comes home for the weekend about to do the biggest project lige forgets to bring home the most important book.
or you need a recipe for dinner, find it on cooks.com.
where you don't need an education.
it can help you find long lost family.
about half of the people are talking to friends who live in another state.
they think the they always talk about everything day, and other things.
owners can now have businesses all over the world.
who wouldn't love a machine that provides a service like that?
well, if every person had the right to remove something that they disagreed with from the public, there nothing would be left.
dear , i believe that computers have a negative affect on people.
these are some reasons why there should not be censorship in libraries and other places
the reasons are: they provide us with information for learning, they allow us to communicate with people, and they provide entertanment.
if you choose to do ""you time, you will definately manage to undo that useless ""computer time!""
if the sun does not rice we
everyone goes on the computer.
lastly, students that go to school and most importantly collage with no computers, they wont be able to do their homework.
these are the reasons how the computer effects education, your heath, and your time.
if parents are so worried about what kids are reading or learning because of the world we live in now, lock them up.
with the help of the computers they are able to contact any branch of their business all over the world.
you can also look out to nature.
you can e-mail, , instant message, etc.
i was a years old in a year old body.
i think they could put stuff in there about drug or alcohol perhaps but not go in depth, but keep it at a bare minimum.
so, computers are very popular, in many areas computers are helpful in news, communication, and entertainment.
after that extent, the kids would be learning too much at such a young age.
have you ever wandered about current events in our country or others?
nah just saying computers could teach u abt of things that people don't know about.
no one has died yet from using a book instead of google.
i think that computers should be used not alot in the because i think hanging out with friends and family are important and also the weather nice.
maybe a kid forgot his homework, he can go to his school website and find it.
it could have some things in it that people could find offensive.
; teenagers like myself do not eat for hours.
finally, you can enjoy what nature has to offer.
i would have never been able to learn evrything i did.
he feels the way, i'm sure, a lot of people feel.
some phone services are very expensive, and cost even more money for long distance calling.
one book that is offensive to one, not be to another.
today, over people use computers and it is like adults anfd children use computers which means that more kids today are doing athletic sports.
all of the search were in a very good world.
ever since my mom's computer brake she has lots of free time to spend with me.
if we didn't have computers you would lose touch with people you know that live faraway from you.
this skill could be used to pursue a good career in the carpentry field.
if they are constantly listening to foul language and what not, that is going to just stay into a persons mind.
soon the fire engine came.
there are many problems with entertainment today in my oppinion.
from sitting there like lazy bums they don't get fresh-air.
many time technology is needed in everyones life.
they would just cause problems and disturb the ones that do enjoy reading those types of books.
once at home a kid can get hurtful emails or instant messages.
that is what i would do.
many people won't ever see any of our national parks!
so get off the computer exersise, explore outside, go on walks, and explore the wood you never know what you will find in the woods.
in conclusion, the average computer can benafit our lives in positive ways.
it is completely unrealistic for someone to travel to every place they need to know about.
i have three reasons why there shouldn't be censorship.
suppose, one is participating in a horse race.
everytime i go to the library and pick up some books, there is always one book with the 'bad parts' marked out.
one snows day in , i was assigned a research paper on .
one day my mom took the computar ant threw it out the window and i had no chioce but to go outside and get some exersize.
computers are somewhat good, but are very to you health.
out of students at middle confess to being the target of malicious bullying online.
it's actually free and did you know, more than million people around the world use an e-mail address insted of texting other people.
adults should be able to watch all movies.
i strongly urge you to change your opinion from negative to positive about the effects of computers.
are great because you keep in touch with you family and friends.
do people still need computer?
the marvolous computer will help you be in-touch with really good familys and friends.
outside the city streets are deserted, save for the squirils running along fence posts.
computers aren't just bad for kids, their bad for adults too.
the computer also supplies an endless source of entertainment.
people who care about the earth make websites on the computer to inform people how to just to see each otherthey could mail and talk all they want.
nobody knows everything, we are always trying to find out about new things that we neven knew.
it approaches the prey stealthily.
like if part of the business is doing a project in hong kong, then the boss can set up a meeting to see how it is going.
it really make miss out on half of their day.
i believe that if someone wanted to know more information about something the library or the should be able to provide it for them.
those would be either getting trouble at school, memorizing a phone number and the dialing it, or talking to than in person.
once because a co-possanger tried to relieve his sufferings by smoking.
many people showed on as is say can use the computers but to remember to think about nature what nice things it has in store for us.
they have no time to study at night because they spend all their extra time on the internet.
every resturant has at least a touch screen computer in it to use.
is a tool that of our nations used.
now if everytime some turns on a computer of the ozon layer disapeared and billion people are on that would be billion mm gone from our atmosphere.
do you know the says that the second biggest leading cause obisity is computer?
so many are kidnapped because online chatting.
people make emails, download music and several other things.
i know people are going to be upset by waht i say but we as a society are addicted to the computer.
the students in high school should be mature enough to handle uncensored material without creating a huge scene, like we all know younger students would do.
these people are spending hours and hours in front of a computer getting heavier every day.
these were the main three thing i wouldn't do.
computers are suppose to be fun for people of any age.
don't you think that without computers we'd probably suffer?
dear , out of of the students and staff members of school find computers verry important.
although you spend time on the computer, you can contact family exercise your brain and there time to nature.
of our society works with computers.
this go for children and adults alike.
even though many restrictions put in place, there are still some faults to the system.
did their parents tell them was bad, and never watch/read ?
so if we take one important book off of the shelf, maybe a book written in the 's about evolution.
's a breath of fresh air, what do you have to loose?
curse words, alcohol, drugs, pornigraphic pictures.
so we go to check in at the hotel and the check in/ check out person at the counter was .
well this is what i had to do.
first of all, teh computer is a great way to look up the news.
it simply isn't reasonable to allow only a single category of work, with only a few varieties of messages, for only a select group of people.
lastly, kids aren't getting out of their house to interact with friends and family because technology has been able to let us communicate without leaving our house.
some of the things you read and hear about in books are totally unacceptable.
when we meet up catch.
on the other hand, many games are only for one player.
also i think think they should be able to censor movies beacuse little childern shouls not be watching gursome movies at a young age.
from his wife i think the peorson how said.
no one wants the truth cut out of their reading materials.
and that is the only way you will win is by using teamwork.
someone who is feeling bored could play one of countless games that have been created, and range from pointless to addicting, from tiny to massive.
i once was watching a movie with my two year old that we got from the library.
people need to know when to stop using it or it can drasticly change your life.
it must be hard not being able to see your loved ones everyday, which is why a computer is very helpful.
do activities keep you mind off things?
do you really want to be the one to take it away?
children do need to be experiencing, learning about, or exposed to some of the content and material found in libraries.
don't keep them from reading books because that will effect them later on in life.
it can be used to send important messages to people that are farther away from you.
some parents got their kids hooked on playing on the computer all day instead of going out side to get exersize.
my final reason is, the less time you use your computer the less money you would be wasting on electricity bills and spending more time on family vacations.
this leads into taking a material or book they see, the wrong way and being offensive about it.
strive to help them.
sports are very useful for our lives.
not everyone should have the same taste as one person, thats what makes the person we are today.
dear , do you think is the best technology made so far?
because they have affect on people who use computers and other electronics.
there are ways that censorship can be good, and some ways that it could be bad.
before computers and internet, there were only these ways to have fun during boring times in the day.
the first reason that libraries shouldn't be censored is the books were written so they would be read by the public.
my dream is to become a pilot.
the most important thing that computors are made for is to learn new things.
so that is why computers benifet people.
to be safe don't tell people your phone number or where you live.
i have read many books that have certain words that don't bother me, but someone else who isn't use to it not like.
with a computer you can easily look things up without wasting time or being stressed out by having to look for something.
for students, it be something like research for a project of essay.
computers are parcally to for americas high obesity percentage.
more and more people are using them, however, not everyone agrees that it benifits society.
f inally, enjoying things that don't involve technology is good to know because many people don't have as much fun out in the real world.
so much information and so much faster.
all his fruits are very fresh and juicy.
when you use the computer, you're probably eating some food too.
by having this seperated of the , it gives parents the chance to get the racist, drug/gang filled, and murder books away from the children.
censorship in libraries is just uneeded.
finally the computers can teach hand-eye coordination.
second, its a bad influence.
in my opinion, i do not believe that anyone has a choice in what children or any other age group chooses to read.
and more often than not, people don't know the answer right off the top of their head.
computers are damaging peoples health & should be something done about it.
comments avid user.
the last kind of books i think is offensive is books because they are hard to read them in .
it's a honest way of making money.
with evoloution we discovered technology and in recent years we have been making new technologies rapidly.
some of the information on the computer is very helpful, but you can never really know what information is inaccurate.
fortunately, the bus started again.
kids can up facts about other countries, famous people, and even types of pets!
it would be a good idea just to chat on line with the friends or family thay live far from you like in other states.
when he not on during they day, i catch him at night too.""
out of people work out home.
libraries have alot of material to read about.
this game develops team spirit.
computers, a topic if you ask me.
i don't think they should be removed from a library if they are found offensive to some people because other people enjoy reading them.
it be offensive to you, but to the next person it might be a really good show.
in conclusion, the computer has some good sources.
the pavilions of delhi, rajasthan, karnataka, and uttar pradesh were very attractive.
inconclusion, i believe that computers are health for you don't take anytime away from exercising time or time with friends/family/sports/sleep/ or eating.
the house was decorated with streamers and balloons.
you can talk online with friends.
they can find passwords to accounts.
people need to read the introduction before checking out the book to know if they like it or not.
a computer is a tool that is a good feature for any home.
suddenly i heard a loud noise.
like i said on the first paragraph, not all the effects are positive but most them are!
, but how often do you even see those people in real life?
than a hour.
what could have taken months by letters in the mail took as little as one hour to do over the .
computors also make life easier for many people.
whether those reasons are for education or for recreation, the libraries have reasons for them.
computers make research easier to find, and they organize data well and quickly.
the pitcher pitches the ball and wham!
yes, the computer is fun and it gives you things to do, i am the first one to admit that but, it also hurts your heath.
another reason why computers are a big help because you can stay in touch with friends and family.
like lets say my dad goes on business to .
mother earth has given us many gifts.
also, they allow you to talk to friends and family over the internet.
i can assure you, there is nothing offensive in the children's section, or else the library would not have it in that section.
another way to use computers to talk to people is to speak with a person you are not able to see in person.
computes help us by giving information about things in othe contries, states, and towns.
we also wouldn't have the more sifisticated things like fockets.
imagine you haven't seen you family in , well sadly thats my life so many birthday all the family you can see is you parents.
as days went around the end or the year was she noticed she had two problems.
they can make plans with one another to go for a walk in the park or dancing.
dear, newspaper i think computers have both a positive and a negative afect on people.
i recently heard that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising, and enjoying nature.
i hope these one all good reason to have computer in our society, and it will benifit us in a number a differnt ways
it can help you find and talk to old friends (facebook).
i spoke with the of and he said " are so many people on their computers, people aren't getting enough exercise!"
well with todays great technology you can do that on the computer!
it mostly adicaution to go on website like facebook, myspace, , and such more people just need to get off the computer and have fun outside.
would also help them decide if they even want to read .
see now i have a since of humor.
losses of parcel due to pilferage or negligence are however not funny.
man does not live by bread alone.
in the year people din't have computers but when the first router was made the people i went up points.
computers are everywhere these days, even in the poorest places like .
readers the computer can help you in your school work.
secondly, the amount of time wasted on the computer is unbelieveable!
you have all these things you condo.
and cars and planes.
i'm sure that you're wondering if i have i do have another reason.
then they just click the internet symble.
also i firmly believe time should be spent with your family, doing family activities and eating dinner with your parents.
once said "" are afraid of only what is different than us, therefore, have nothing to fear if nothing is different.""
people do not relise how much this happens it happens a lot expeshally with books.
i feel like none of them should be removed from the shelves of a library.
computers are taking over our life.
so, to sum up this paragraph, a computer is easy way to easy , and you need to keep computers to see for yourself.
studys do show that people who use computers have a better hand eye then some one who dosen't.
what good is that?
we reached the bank.
if you are sending someone a list, a recipe for example.
government service, according to me, is meant for the mediocre.
to build up, the internet provided with computers can bring loads of pleasure to those who use it wisely.
yes, the computer has all different kinds of bad stuff and good stuff.
over of have old friends of family out of the state that they would still like to keep in touch with.
that's ninety-five percent of people who are learning more hand-eye coordination.
although, the computer and internet shouldn't completely replace books, it is a valuable researching tool.
how many people do you know.
i cried the first day he moved.
yet movies have ratings that tell you if it's of for a child or adult, like to rated .
all they would have to do is go to the internet, type what they were for, and it would come up on the screen.
dear newspaper, do do when need to write a report?
dear local newspaper, i have been using my computer for a long time now.
there are three main things that can get you in shape.
so that's why i think computers are great and they help alot in life instead of hurting anyone.
now i know what your thinking what of we need to print something.
now that i've shown my reasons, all defind them in detailed sentences.
opinions such as these could kill a person's dreams.
every day we see how they struggle to keep us happy.
that percentage is expected to grow to in the next years.
a god fearing person will never become sinful or violent.
computers save time and make your life easier.
people seem to be trying to shield the world from thing like swear words.
computers are a quick and easy way to look up information for a school project or paper.
these websites help keep in touch to, with family.
in public if you say something bad you will get in a lot of trouble.
in the end, a system that caters to the most sheltering of parents is the best one.
thats because yar to busy on the camourar nad not paying attention to anyone arand you.
dear local newspaper, !
computers, as you know, are one of the worlds greatest information posts.
a soldier is well trained in the use of weapons.
they were written with this language because 's the way people talked back then.
first of all, computer bring about online communication.
if people found that offensive that might be because they don't know what he did or wasn't around when it happened.
more than of most students in an average school have one.
dear , in my own opinion, computers do not have a positive effect on people.
without a computer the graphs would have to be handmade, which is not as presentable.
thats almost all the parents in !
they need to be up and active.
i think we shouldn't get rid of all the offensive material at the libraries.
speech on: annual day celebrations in our school
secondly, those people aren't enjoying life and nature.
there is always a great rush at the windows.
there's offensive material in real life and 's not being removed.
have you ever felt that computers sometimes make you more intellegent?
magazine is another non neccasary object that is place in the library.
computers just up all of your time the average kid will spend up to four hours on the computer just falling around with no purpose.
the computer is also dangerous because you could have inappropriate pictures posted on websites of you and not even know !
my third reason is that you can even do your homework on the computer.
i ask you to tell your children or grand children necies nephues to cut down on computer time.
the more time we spend using these items, the more we oppose the idea of being active?
wether it be for a research project, talking to friends, and even answers for homework.
allowing to have all the nacket pictures and movies at the library will allow some teens to get bad ideas from it.
he works for a - famous company and has to go to a meeting with the big boss is .
this can cause you to feel tired and drowsy after being on the computer.
music, movies, magazines, and books all have material such as; racism, murders, innopropriate language, etc.
by computers letting people easily access tools that help us gain knowledge can become more advanced in many of our lives.
and is most certainly not fair to the reader who is reading the book.
books with sex scenes and murder should be allowed into they year old books.
how about your newspaper company?
katherine paterson makes a great point out of her quote.
also around of your electrity bill will go down if you go exercise instead of using computer.
also did you know that million people use a computer thats more than half their population and such a poor country?
firstly, computers have a positive impact on people because they teach hand-eye coordination.
our social studies teacher says that of his projects involve something on the computer.
computers help us stay more conected than ever!
it has worked so far, so why should we change it?
having a computer can also be bad because sitting to close or spending to much time can hurt your eyes and cause you to wear glasses.
the internet has so much to offer and is absolutley benifical.
i believe that if material being read of listened to is offensive then it should be taken off the shelf.
through the use of computers people will be taught hand-eye coordination.
i woudn't.
regardless of the language this book used, it shows a part of history.
the internet truly is an amazing tool!
this could also help at work because it your boss is counting on you to have work done, you can use the .
also i realize some people argue that for young children some materials are better left unviewed, but that's is where parents come in.
making stores and stands take the music and newspapers off would be a disappointment to see such a wonderful thing go down the hole because it hurt others.
because they are ecofriendly, efficient, and loaded with information.
i will tell you why we should benifit these computers.
but are computers a good thing?
every human in the is entitled to their own choice of religion.
it's simple enough to see these stickers so that you can put it in the alternative section of a library.
also you take your car and go out into a morning drive feel the breeze.
also, there are many people that find the offensive.
the internet has all the information in the world, and people abuse .
it is important for readers to be exposed to a broad spectrum of reading materials.
i never want my kids to listen to bad songs like that, i want them to be responsible and not listen to terrible songs.
as you can see, coordination is essential to sports.
i know now to keep a better eye on what my child is reading.
a healthy person has a lot of advantages over an unhealthy and physically unfit person.
i know i argeed with that, after study for a test on carver in my book, but one of my pages was missing so.
i agree that students depend too much on a computer and not on books, but the computer has more information to offer than the average book.
this is an example of hand-eye coordination.
computers are good because it can do alot of things that other objects cannot do.
for example say your home from work with explosive diharrea.
computers really don't have a good effect on people.
dear , i think computers make a big role in monern cicity.
it started entering the low lying shops.
he gets early in the morning.
should books, music, movies, and magazines that are offensive to public be removed?
some people are just super glue to computers, but let's see if doesn't start wearing down after this paper.
social sites, such , , and facebook, have been growing at an alarming rate.
also, video chat and online conversation can cut down on expensive phone bills.
out of every ten computer owners in a recent survey stated that they had to service their computers within the last three months.
this is another reason why computers are bad.
books have always been a way for people to get away from their life and into their own story world.
with all of these reasons, i hope you see why computers are beneficial to society.
you could also see the video's, behold the images, and seek the location of it on the computer.
easy access to tons of useful information.
for example when i say games i mean educational games like reading games, math games, writing games, etc.
computers also provide an exellent source of communication.
""computers are great, i can homework and know that if they to write planner than they we to and out.
video games are also popular.
teens should be outside playing sports or hanging out with friends and family.
some students go to the library.
i think every should be like this, it would help make the world a better place
this is why i believe that people do spend to much time or the.
first, video websited such as youtube have created a place for people to watch music videos and creative films just to enjoy themselves.
friendships are easily ruined and usually the cause of this is some kind of misunderstanding.
the computer is a monster - it's killing our planet."
with computers come the internet, and with the internet comes games and social networking sites.
or if the person is eating while being on the computer.
it has help our world is many different ways too.
pieces of are taken away because of their offensive properties.
it also gives you thousands of websites to learn valuable information from.
here is one example: my older brother is a senior in high school.
i relized after i got my report card that my gades were horifyingly terrible.
thanks for reading, bye!
kids dont realize how short life is, they should be hiking, camping, spending time with friends and family.
now everyone is suppose to share there opinons on pulling these offensive books off the shelve?
this is why i think that comperters aren't positive in society.
i have seen survey that say out of spend more than hours a day on computers.
all-in-all, i believe that computers have good effects on people because they can learn hand-eye coordination.
now make it.
plus, computers also help you stay in touch with friends.
they are a good way to communicate, an important and main source of info and they are also used in buisness environments too.
for example, say you need to having to wait days for the mail.
freshair with people.
now do you want that to happen to the world?
any where there are books involved count me there.
well then they can use their computer to stay in touch.
if we dont have competer's we wont be able to connect to our family that could live in anther state or country.
say for example you have a question noone in your home can answer.
it creates hatred against other people.
consorship should be chosen by who you are not by outher people.
this is because some students like calm quietness or own house the distractions of sitting in class.
for example, if something is thought to be offensive, then it can be placed with others like it.
we can look up historical facts on the computer.
also excersise is a big issue now and you aren't getting any by at a computer.
more would help people, especially students to have a better education.
i think there are mang good effects on computers.
with 's economy going to a class outside & school, or even hiring a personal tutor, can be enough to effect anyones budget emensly.
i believe that some offensive and vulger items can be interesting and educational.
its time we put a timer on our computer and spend more time outside.
everyone is different.
ahead reacher at () an article for .
frequently, during conversations without a computer nearby, the mind is focused on something from earlier that day.
now, in this situation a computer would be very helpful to just type in the word and get a whole bunch of results.
additionally, if you don't already have a computer, then get one!
this is the most important reason of all.
every individual person has their own opinion and not everyone else is going to agree with that person.
so tell me again why should censorship not be in public libraries
a lot of my family lives in different , and thats how i talk to them is through the computer.
second - computer's could get you into a lot of trobe such as posting things online or saying mean thing's to people.
a computer can really the of your life.
just playing on the computer can be very bad for the environment like it is bad for themselves.
people that work in a important place need a computer because they are saving their work so they don't lose it and get fired.
lastly they teach us hand-eye cordination that is a much needed skill that can help you get through life.
like tennis for example in tennis you have to develop hand-eye coordination in order to hit the ball.
facebook and twitter are the new things of the century.
also, to conversations are fading.
the peacock lives in jungles, in small flocks.
students would take advantage of this and they would have educational books removed.
good marks give fruit in the future.
but one of the most important reasons why computers use is so high is because, there are a lot of people taking online classes.
the last major group of people that censorship within a school system is the potential readers and students.
their are even little kid books that parents want out of their childs school library.
i firmly believe computers gives society many benefits and opportunities.
computers also give people the ability to easily learn about far away places, people, etc.
computers can do more than creating a simple map, it can give you precious information!
a bad neighbor makes a hell of our lives.
peope also use computer for homework.
schools teach children about almost anything does that mean schools should be shut down?
that seems fair enough.
would you really want to give up your health beacause of something so materialistic?
the opinion that computers are not a benefit to society just doesn't make sense.
dear local newspaper, i feel that negative effects of computers on people is much greater than the positive effects.
what would this world be with no computers.
this is great, its so convenient to be to go an instant message.
a psychologist explains, ""some people are too shy to meet new friends in person; online bloom.""
believe it or not the computer is much interesting then in class all day reading out of books.
in the blazing sun, i cannot go out.
kids would be bullyed all day in school and always had a horrible time.
what the kids don't realize is that most of it is fake, and the things that happen in movies aren't really true.
the main way is by typing.
in fact of all kids who start off playing educational games before entering pre-school are ahead.
but it can easily get lost.
it is going to be a really akward moment for me.
many people would that kids would go on their computer when they were able to go outside.
books, music, and movies shouldn not be censored.
if you live in a city with not a lot of nature in it, you can see what its like outside it with the computer.
i believe that poeple have the right to read what they want and so do authers have the right to wright what they want.
what books should and shouldn't be encountered in the library is surely a never ending feud.
for an example, one day i was told do a project on teen mothers.
were do you go?
they have all kinds for people who have intrest in certain things.and some might be offensive to some people...let me tell you what i think!
now friends and families can talk to each other over the ease of the computer.
let me explain why computers can ruin lives.
for example, , be there very own website.
so its pretty much a lazy distraction.
for example, your hand-eye coordination.
numerous people who find the materials offensive must also remember the time and place the story originated.
all i would get to see of him was a quick '', but then held escape to his room to continue clicking angry on the computer.
all books found in homes are immediatly taken out and burned in the streets for all to see.
well this is not nessesary because you can now have a webcam in your computer and talk as much as possible.
first and for most, computers are one of the laeding causes of stress in daily life.
you would use a computer to get in touch with friends.
would you want your children influenced by these findings?
now i find it quite febble-minded to give up your life for a computer.
they found that the group who from computer use lost nearly more weight on average them the group on the comercial diet!
authors have the right to write whatever they want.
do you see the difference?
which you can attach to your computer if it has not have in one allready.
i am before you it, or before buying the songs.
and i answer "" i have a life that doesn't revolve around .""
reason is because their grades get low.
no of course not.
its the parents fault if their child gets ahold of a book that has adult content on or in it.
with the recent earthquakes in and .
it also bears fruits generally once a year.
they have a possitive affect on people.
the computers have with hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about places far away from home, and lets people talk to each other online.
my always told me stays of the (and stupid) things he with his friend.
maybe it's the people a though computers do contribute to the problem.
do you think that computers are useless?
to most cultures, declining food is offensive.
i remember when i was a little girl - about years old, and i always wanted to be on the computer.
that is why traviling people and mail is .
a computer can also play music.
but our bodies function the same and we all breathe the same air.
children nowadays have it hard on themselves, why make it harder.
their said to keep friends in touch, butkids use them to say hurtful things about each other.
the parent should be able to prohibit certain things until their child is old enough to make its own decisions.
so why do some people think computers have a negative effect on people?
thirldy, people wont enjoy themselves.
there are some weak boys and girls in my class.
and you can defenetly still talk with kids, friends, and family members on computer.
so to all parents and guardians computers arent all that bad, they're actually very good.
they help you find information about many things on the internet.
my last reason is that computers help lower your stress level by playing games.
that isn't the same as an actual get together.
and doing this on purpose would be aginst everything that schools stand for.
they also might use it for typing a project or making a presentation.
also, you can't escape explicit material.
people debate the fact if computres are good for you or not.
first, i think if you are reading, listening, or watching any of these things then dont read the part that is offensive to you.
in the past their have been more negative effects on people.
at first i hated my dad for disconecting the , but now i want to thank him for breaking a disapointing hoby of being online whenever home.
you will rize about from lack of exersize.
go get some exercise, go interact with friendsand family, or even just go outside and get some fresh air while relaxing.
first, i like to say everything that you do physically uses hand-eye coordination.
stedy has proven that computer training in the , by playing online games with other people, like in call of duty, helps boost soldiers' accorucy.
computers definitely have a positive impact on society.
some exercise because that is the only cure they will get if their not on their computer.
how does this relate to libraries you might ask?
she thought it was cool, because she read it in a book.
this is just one reason the internet is so useful.
it is strange how you finnaly open up, and your life changes.
also its beneficial that everyone has thing to do but computers are the best thing to do.
if you have messy handwriting and its getting harder and harder for your teacher to read then you can just learn how to type it up on the computer.
you can still talk and communicate with each other.
let's continued.
should be removed from the shelves.
they teach us skills like hand-eye coordination, they allow you to talk online, and learn about faraway people and places.
said cause i play with you all the time"" quickly ran home and told his parents.
you tell me.
but i also believe people can spend to much time on them.
in almost all cases, library patrons have been angry that certain materials have been deemed unsuitable to be offered at the library.
libraries need to figure out some way to reasure people that they will enjoy what they are reading and not be offended by
finally, computers can interfere with a childs time spending with family or friends.
the computer helps in so many ways could even tell you were this person lives and you could surprise visit him/her.
is the key to their future
you find out more of what is in your maryard then you already knew.
mr. kailash is my next-door neighbor.
it can also destroy companies and our lives, can give limits and computers can used to exercise.
dear , i am writing to you because of the concern of people that have computers.
nobody should feel embarrassed even if you wanted to play tag with a friend but you're .
you don't have to all that hard work of looking for a book and spending so much time looking for the information you need.
not everyone agrees with that.
above and beyond all that new technology makes the earth a greener place by saving paper and trees.
and if you wanted, you could even join the local gym for a month.
shouldn't they be banned too?
for many families, though the series is nothing but a different world in which they can set themselves free from the real world.
of course, its speed was reduced.
parents that feel that books, movies, and magazines should be censored really arent good parents.
take my friend for example, he used to live in with all his friends and family until buisiness came along.
so then you and your family would grow apart.
now the opposite side says people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with fiends and family.
computers take on difficult tasks and usually succed.
all our festivals are colour oriented.
i take that very offensive because, back during the time when black were not able to do certain thing, the whites would refer to blacks as monkeys.
i have read plenty of people's concerns regarding issue, and there are some valid points to be made from both sides of the story.
(to make sure they are who you think!)
there are many reasons to support this, but here are three.
if the books are censored then i would have no sources to get information from.
the last thing are pictures and scenes.
censoring and removal of these book are pointless; for the simple reason that at least three of the four are a current issue.
in addition to my first reason, computers help long lost friends.
she's on like for minutes to an hour.
well there are ways to do that too.
whether it's a close friend or a co-worker.
computers help people with everyday tasks and are no doubt doing more good than harm.
about a hundred students died from playing the deadly game.
but if it is a teen and older, i think they would be old enough to choise what they want to read.
when people get computers they spend more time inside and on them.
so with this letter i hope you realize that the computer does benifite our society, yes, we should not spend too much time on it.
also helps with work.
with going to work or school, and sleeping, that way leaves a litle to go out and explore nature.
having applications released that connect people over the computer devastates the reason to leave your house.
my final reason why the use of computers is good because, people can interact with their family and friends online.
i belive you are right.
almost everyone uses computers, and they aren't difficult to use.
""i swear they're on that thing for hours on end"" she claims.
if so found there the children would'nt read it because it's too long for them and the book doesn't have any pictures in the book.
young or the section is for mainly the teens.
computers have become so advanced that there are even touch-screen and wireless mases.
another reason to watch how much time you spend on the comuter is that can cause you to
for example, whever i sign-up for a website subscription so i can play a game, it asks me for personal information.
learning about new things using a computer gives a positive effect on people because you dont have to travel and go places to get information to learn about things.
yes i know they might take exercise time away, or hurt your eyes but who cares just make up a time limit so you have time to exercise.
that's not all because do you think that people will be in dangerous problems, well they are.
writing is something you do when you want to express how you feel, or tell a story about yourself or someone else.
event though they are almost adults.
with video chat, you can show off new , or newborn baby.
a movie that could be considered offensive just by the title can't .
after playing , want to try that gravity-defying, head-turning stunt.
when summertime comes around, and the last school bell rings, you can instead research faraway places that could turn into vacation spots instead of homework assignments.
another bad thing is , sure you keep in touch with friends but if you stay on too long, it's basically hooked you into it.
depending on what website you go to you can get opinions on certain places and events, which you cannot find books at the library.
finally stranger or not, some these people leave links to get to disgusting websites that you pray your parents don't see.
children that see inappropriate media can pick up bad behavior.
kids and teenagers should only go on the computer for homework and the rest of the time doing something eles.
another reason computers are good is because you can talk to friends and family who are far away using something called .
these are little things we can do to make a change for good
such as, they are great for communication or up with some friends, also theirs an infinint amount of things to do.
people use it sometimes for entertainment not research.
doing research for a paper on ?
computer do benifit society.
this are my three reason i think people should not stay on the computer all day.
and what about the , webcam, where you can talk to the person face to face.
it quicker, and more reliable.
in addition, you can use the computer to look at foreign countries.
there are more challenging excersise but i won't go into that.
did you know that of your life skills can and are learned on computers?
once again computers have played a part in this too.
computers have online video's that help you use it if you don't have the time to actually go.
like learning about far away places and people.
for example father's they basically always on the computer either working or looking up stuff.
whould you like to have a friend pick computer over you?
tired of .v movies?
serveys have been taken music wins everytime.
finally i would like to tell you about the cruise ships you can go far away like , , , and many more.
people that argue that computers are unhealthy speak of those who use computers too much.
you can do all this if you are bored or if you just want to go on the computer.
like science for example when doing a lab you could research and do it on a computer.
using computers, billions of people gain knowledge that they never would have been able to learn before.
for example, my dad tests computer programs as a job.
even what to do and what not to do.
no one would like that.
video games oline are very amusing.
but young children don't know better, so there is no gaurentee that they won't take ideas from inaprpropriate viewings and use them.
if you have a problem with what your child watches and reads, than limit what your child reads and watches.
the children might be reading books that are too explicit for their age.
he has no worries, no hardships, and no troubles.
computers teach hand-eye coordination.
also most companys use email to chat between co-workers.
it is also needed for simple every day tasks around the house.
it teachs us this by making our eyes stay on the screen, twhile our hand are on the hard, smooth keyboard.
they all brought gifts for me.
even though you not want to hear about it, drugs and sexual content are always going to be in the surroundings of our children to see or experience.
this is not what our envisioned to become and they were right.
now the question comes, what if its the best book or movie up there?
well i will tell you what would happen to all would end appointment would giving you things you already got.
by sitting up straight in your computer chair all day can improve your posture.
you can contact the people there with computers!
censorship is not necessary because people know what they are interested in without anyone helping them find what they are looking for.
those are some reasons why i think that computers have good effects on people.
we should have the maturity to look away instead of demanding that it be removed.
spending time with family is way more important then going on the computer with friends.
online courses allow an eager student to learn without breaking their bank or leaving their child if they are parents.
the lion obeyed him.
another thing you could do is make videos.
that just isn't right.
he is like a friend and guide to the students.
instead of looking through various books and encyclopedias researching, why not search the topic?
the book will make the kids think thats the right thing to do if they are able to check it out.
as well as authors would not be writting since their books are getting removed and the shelves are empty
honestly sitting in a chair all day will cause you to not be active and gain weight.
i think that organizing the books in a different way would be better.
google is the most common thing that everyone uses.
facebook turn her life around.
some people say computers are not distracting, well i say they are.
throughout the library, there are many books dealing with past historic events.
there are so many books in the world, about any topic you can imagine.
no matter how much your teacher explains to you, just seems like there are speaking another language?
that is not good for your health at all.
however, that is the way people in that time spoke.
call me crazy, but this way seems quicker more efficient and reliable.
explicit movies and music are very bad with seeking to understand.
i would know that because i have a facebook myself.
dear, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
the people who have computer electric bill is always very high and for reason they are forced to pay or more dollars on electricity.
usually if a child is exposed to that type of material they usually grow up believing that whatever they saw as a child is completly acceptable.
even walking home from school with a friend is a good way to be outside.
i think the censorship of some movies, magazines, and especially music should be highly discussed, and more strict.
there are no friendships or communication with other countries.
if you get them mad thill stop making book for me and you to read.
this is why we have a little bit of everything in our libraries.
i have notices many teens play cool games on the net.
first, kids don't get enough exercise because the spend too much time on a computer.
some people treat the donkey very badly, but it takes them
computer wails as i recieve a video call from cousin, .
the parents could also check on what their child or teenager is reading.
this is why i support the computers.
to spend more time on the computer than your own flesh and blood isn't right.
a large number of men, women, and children were waiting for the train.
sometimes your children has a better time understanding then you did at their age.
people will spend less time staying active.
seeing nature like never before, i dont think.
get up and get outside!
show cool thing you have that are new.
people think the donkey as a stupid animal.
computers arent just same plaything, they are serious pieces of equipment that can help the world.
i find it rediculous, but that is the way they parent their kids.
if you dont bring the books back in a certain amount of time you will be charged.
computers connect us in so many difffrent ways.
it is no different with books.
early in the morning.
an enormous part who your child become & the values they hold is a product what they were exposed to a young age.
people make their own choices in life.
star wars is a good book and movie and forgetten ralms is a good book maker company.
dear local newspaper, computers are important for growth.
lastly, people easily get caught up in being hidden behind a computer, and say mean, hurtful things that would never be said to one's face!
you can type a paper or news article on the computer.
this is because computers offer many ways to be social, such as social networking sites.
how of you can see your family and friends on the computer using a webcam.
computers also get you hurt or if you buy on be careful.
this is because when you get a computer having better hand-eye coordination will teach you how to type better and more quick.
i could hear loud roaring sound coming from the sky.
designed with distinctly different minds, people want to read distinctly different books, written by distinctly different authors.
please heed the following advice.
they didn't deserve that, now did they?
you, newspaper staff, use a computer to type the news.
after dinner, my parents gave gifts to all my friends.
fresh air clear your mind.
computers have a great effect on people and should continue to be used in everyday society.
when kids get home from school they put their name work down and go right on the computer.
i think think the better can your health.
that is unfair & possibly unconstitutional.
time is the most valuable possession of a man in a civilized society.
computers are one the most significant ever and are valuble in many many ways.
little kids love just the fact of being on the computer, and letting them go on can keep quiet and occupied for a while.
when a virus hit it all of his files were gone and along with his records.
as a result computers would improve the way we learn.
during this time, they could be exercising, going to the gym, or even taking a walk with friends.
most people will say no we are not but you offer a nine year old to play on the computer or, oh say go outside!
all of these sites allow you to find family members, friends, and many more.
a lot of kids go on , and itunes.
computers are starting to interest a lot with people's lives, in a negative way.
some people will take certain materials to be more offensive than others, but if read, the person might get angry or start to have bad thoughts.
libraries should not take resources off their shelves due to offensiveness because it goes against the library's purpose and because many people have different views.
computers help people to make wrong choices and there is no doubt people should let up on the time they spend on the internet.
my second reason is that the more people be on computers the more blind they could get just for being on the computers for a hour or more.
what organizational tool could help me in this situation?
's a fact the computer can help you with keeping in touch with friends, getting the latest news, and even gives you map access.
this applies to the maturity of the reader as well.
obviously, being able to talk to some are over the computer is a useful thing to have.
one is about a soldier in and his present wife back home.
i took a tally and out of every kids use the internet at least once a day!
he was so reluctant to even pay it and afterwards he was annoyed all week for even-paying it.
so these i the easiest and fastest way to project.
being in a chat room all day is also a disadvantage.
although there were a lot of inconveniences, yet the people were very happy.
but children are different because they dont need to learn all those things at an early age.
with modern technology, the world is better connected and united.
so if my mother found an offensive item on the shelves she would make sure i didn't see it.
they would like these things to be removed from the shelves permenatly.
i love how computers have ways of comunicating.
one book i read, was definitley not appropriate for me.
normally for safly and privacy, they wont let the soldiers life their cellphones, but for other reasons they can use their computers.
that is not what the world should become but that is what is society is creating.
dear editor, i believe that computers are an important part of modern life and proves itself to be available because everyday.
small dosages can be fine, but non-stop playing can lead to serious problems.
of this it can to heath things could you can't do .
hand-eye coordination is an awesome skill to have in our society.
they need to get off the computer and do push ups, sit ups, and just exercise.
have you ever heard of an internet preditor?
if the child wants t read more graphic material then they must have pramission from their parent.
come on really they have animals in movies that talk all the time.
many are workaholics, also known as people who warr to much.
go outside run a little, you would be amazed how much a little exercise can help you.
then he went to south africa.
and i think as years go by more and more people will start to realize that.
for school events, sport schedules, and keeping in touch with far away family and friends.
an anonymous source claims that they use their computer to contact old friends.
if you aren't persuaded yet, keep reading because i you will be eventually!
i teaches them life skills such as hand-eye coordination, a lot about technology.
meeting people is a big thing.
another reason why is that you get to meet people.
our phones couldn't call long distance so we relied on computers to communicate with each other.
then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.
there are , , , reading, book sites all on the web!
no, it not.
furthermore, people all around the world communicate thought the computer.
finn finds that his father had died and hi was no more in danger.
we are so fortunate today to have even computers in our school because my grandparents would have loved to have something as quick and as simple as a computer.
one of the problems is that these people don' get off their computers and couchs to go outside.
the can helps in ways also.
if it were a magazine, they might look at it.
he also knows how to dress and heal wounds.
you need to.
technology can teach people things that they do not even know they could do.
brownie can work very hard.
on a computer communication is made easier.
we can not cut out peoples offensive banter in real life so why should we do it in our reading material.
you then can learn how to do all this without even looking at the keyboard.
communication, my dad the computer wuth our family from .
lastly computers help people make money and support their family.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
no one can read about a topic that they are interested in if it is banned, this will cease creative thinking by not allowing people to think differently.
at night, the teacher reads his books and prepares new lessons.
when i was young, i visited my cousin .
but, if young people start using computers sooner then in life it will make it easier to get a better job.
we will try to plant a tree whenever we can.
think of a climber trying to grab a on a mountain.
first of all, being on the computer too much is not healthy.
this poses a large problem for parents.
if they do not like it then they should have never taken it home in the first place.
televisions, radios, and payers are no match for the internet and it's great wide spread entertainment system.
so if you read this article and get offended by it then sorry, just expressing personal opinion and trying to get you to solve your problems.
america was built on the idea of freedom.
you can even get to play a book you are reading, witch helps you learn new words that you not have knew how to sound out.
i think that little by little, thats whats happening, slowly taking away the human element.
to be truthfull i will read and reread a book many times over if it is a good story with some extra sizzle.
dear post, i know that people are spending way to much time on computers instead of being out side.
sometimes people can find the exact answers to an assiment.
and i hope to that you start living it healthier.
these negative effects have an unhealthy toll on society, especially teenagers, the most frequent users.
there in the bushes i could see a herd of deer.
a majority of peoples' time is spent on the computer.
this information that people need to know because thats how people were treated back then and some stuff like that still occurs today.
sites like or skype let you see and talk to the other person.
there are endless possibilities for workers because foe some of them, computers are their jobs.
for example you could ride a bike play games or just fool around with friends.
would you learn better with a visual in front of you?
he was profusely bleeding.
next reason is computers make life better.
to each side of you lies a vast collection of diverse adventures and anecdotes.
then people want to enjoy other nature that they dont know the could use the computer and look for the place.
many kids wach that it ruins ther mainly and the futur.
children living on their own.
any person for whatever research they need can be found so easily using a computer.
need to be and i can tell you that you life will not being you in enjoyable luife.
it is a good source of entertainment.
there are also websites, such facebook, where you can get together and talk with old friends.
""you can't accomplish that by sitting at your computer.
these are board games, video games, strategy game, adventure games, and many many more than that.
this is only one of the reasons why i agree with the use of computers.
dear local newspaper, experts should not be concerned about other people that stay on the computer for a while.
if no one can read the books, no one learns.
dear the , computers do not benefit society.
one of the most important reasons to have a computer is for school orenented reasons.
another reason is that people are truning a bit lazy and not getting to enjoy exerising and getting to get some freish air.
or maybe you want to venture outside your neighborhood, and check out what's happening in or .
this is not good for a growing teen.
with a computer these are some things that you will be able to do.
this can have a very negative affect.
so, cooks in a kitchen, if too many, spoil the dish.
just about everyone using a computer knows of some chat website in witch they use to communicate with any one.
computers have led to many dangers.
that's a reason how to look up things it is easier to look up things instead of looking it up the most way.
you mostly just move your hands and fingers.
i am telling you we need to address this matter.
but how do you know if people are who they seem to be?
my second reason is that people go to inappropriate sites and watch inappropriate videos.
sometimes things are abstruse and these books help explain them better.we learn something new everyday and we learn it from reading out of books.
i am sure there are alot of parents that dont follow the censorship rules.
this is why i think that people are spending ton much time on computers.
well all of these websites are free.
second, people go on bad habbits.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us'.
jupiter is the biggest planet among all of them.
computers teach hand-eye coordination!
another reason people shouldn't remove offensive material out of the library; it will hurt whoevers' company got the book published and also the writters.
or simply if a friend cant get a ride to another friends house they on still talk on the computer.
they can make or break somone financhely.
dear the , "", , "" goes the floor. ""
the author should have the right to have their book equally acknowledged by the public and kept on the shelves.
then when you have a computer for someone else has one then you would be able to see them.
sometimes i wish they could just consider that we are all human beings and no one deserves to be treated that way.
uh oh, it's deleting your hardware: all your scholastic essays, important book-marked websites & sentimental photographs.
being on the computer is an exeperince.
just from her year of practice, she becamr very computer coordinated.
youtube that you can't stop laughing at to the on addictinggames.com.
although censorship has the ability to do more damage then any single person, it is not 'bad'.
lastly, when kids miss their favorite shows one day, they can just look it up the next day to get caught up.
computers have opened up so many opportunities the world needs to lake.
oh i remember when my history teacher told me that it took hours to make a baseball bat by a human from scratch.
if we don't it we will not read it or leason to it.
if you have a t.v.
also, the computer contains articles that insure our children to strive for their goals.
people who spend all there time on the computer forget that there family is there.
it's times to finally help the world soldiers.
if this problem continues to grow the whole world will be bankrupt.
i also agree with this.
lastly you can talk and video chat.
this helps people live happier lives, another possitive effect.
you can make them feel bad without doing anything besides typing a message.
this will keep us from getting into any trouble.
""technology is wonderful"" explained to me.
this is because of programs such as , , and programs allow people to cerrect spelling and grammatical mistakes while at the same time creating a neat looking presentation.
the reason why i would have a low tolerance of the censorship is because different people like different things.
they also give people facts about faraway places.
the reason for this is that one, people don't get enough exercise.
my final reason why computers have good effect.
i remember one time long ago, the only way to communicate was by letters or you would have to walk.
we'll computers do just that.
all of those computer related things would not there for there were no computer.
nearly of all jobs involve a computer by storing information or any other purposed fealuired.
they were wearing colorful clothes.
we would never even know of some countries if it werent for computers.
going to the library is a pain.
i don't think they should be removed.
therfore, lets make this a better place.
i think that this is a good way to socialize due to the many options.
he has a small family.
the computer is the smartest thing youll ever see.
dear the newspaper, in front of a after .
lastly, have you ever wanted to learn about a place faraway from you live or have you ever researched a topic for school?
if the author choses to write something that you do not nessisarly agree with or is offensive to you then do not read or watch that piece of material.
even students do not want to exercise when they could be spending time on the computer.
lastly, if you have friends or family who are fighting for america in right now, you can also use a video chat to communicate with them.
budgeting your time so that you can do both your homework, and go on the computer is also very important.
when i go to a library i find some stuff that is offensive to me.
radio gives us news, information, and entertainment.
it has even been known that some children are left traumatized for life just because they weren't ready for what they saw in certain violent and gorey scenes.
to learn about far away places is great.
computers could also be helpful to plan a vacation.
another good thing about the is it offers mostly reliable information.
computers can be negative but it all has to do with self control and how you use it.
everyone can be offended by something, so if everything was removed that was found to be offensive to someone there would be nothing left.
and the last rason i say computer are used is just for fun stuff game you can play.
well it isn't a good sight is it?
computer are a great tool for humans to use for business, education, and leisure.
so as you can see that is why computer benifts people second resson is that it gives people entertainment, such as myspace, you twitter.
if i didn't have this resource, my homework would not be as detailed as it is with the computer.
computers don't have effect on people, if anything it makes them smarter.
that pop music would make the kid happy.
as you can see computers are more useful to society then you think, computers benefit society.
however the effects it has on people can be bad.
if magazines like this weren't on the shelves for us to see whenever we enter a library, maybe we would not be as keen to the idea.
even if they can't use their phone or get out of the house, they can communicate with friends, old and new.
however, some books not be entirely appropriate to certain people.
emails are a great way to send information.
people spend way to much time on the computer.
for example take 's theory of evolution, a very sensitive subject among people of the faith.
computers alsi travel nows faster.
please consider the following about why it will be more beneficial people do not spend as much time on computers.
computers these days are being used way too much for useage of priveleges that we already have.
authors and writers write these things for the entertainment of people who want to read them.
not only relief for the world not ending but for the life of computers to be able to go on.
i've done a research with seven of my friends and that six of those seven parents have deal on a trip to on their accounts.
i hopre you consider my opinion.
i found it very interesting and educational.
on the computer the problem is that people dont use the.
and the guy dad invited to come was .
if we had no computers the lines would be even longer because then the people would have to add up the money by hand.
for some, the library is a sanction where you can escape reality and dive into a book where anything is possible.
such as good hand-eye coordination, ability to learn about far away places and people as well as being able to talk online with family and friends.
everywhere you go you usually see somebody on a phone, texting, on a computer or plugged into an ipod.
there are three reasons why i do not agree.
so they are good
no one should be alowed to tell you that you can't read a book you want to read.
these are only a few of the reasons i think computers are great.
he was very polite.
computers are very benefital to society.
please read on about how we will go computer dead.
however, i don't think it would be fair to remove those types of things from other children.
for people of all ages to obtain.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have affect on people because firstly, it gives people the ability to learn from faraway places.
most of the kids are fit.
from the creations of rockets, engines and planes; computers have never let us down.
the sun has a great influence on all living and
it is a persons own right to see certain things that are offensive if they choose to do so.
im other known as instant messaging.
i think people should not spend so much time on the computer.
to me computers are just a trouble in our lives.
despite limiting exercise, they encourage learning, and the exercise of the brain.
the big question is what will you choose!
if so many people were not on the computer all the time then they could be outside.
the computer is a very enhanced tool to enrich ones life.
if you're always on the computer cell the time you will never interact with family & friends.
in 's economy people need to be saving their money for college or even simpler things like a new pair of shoes!
dear , i know having computers has a positive effect on people.
all the things we would never know if we didn't have a computer.
should the enviroment, our only home, suffer because of a few bored people?
if you like to play video games.
if you play games online you can get better hand-eye coordination skills.
you should agree.
some people take offensive when they see something thats against their religion, culture, or maybe their country.
personally i'd prefer to go and do something rather than being stuck inside on a computer.
so i suggest you pick one up and just have a blast, you wont be sorry.
he even wears wooden teeth because his general hygene declined as well.
wouldn't you agree the kids and adults can hang out with there frienda and family.
labels such as or are set to prove that the following is open for general audiences with and without parental supervision.
many people work long times and spend too much time on the computer, which takes time away from interacting with others, and that should be more important.
i've observed that the average teen spends to hours a day on the computer.
then, i'll talk about the whole computer network.
if someone takes offense to a particular topic or section they dont have to read it.
in addition to this of teachers at believe that computers can be used as a great tool to help students learn.
i have read it and was not offended.
more and more teachers are using computers to help us learn.
those are lives that could have been saved; families that could still be together.
i know not a book, but to the computer.
i also agree with , she is right about how people spend too much time on the computer.
you can also use e-mail to talk to friends and they want to see you again and you can meet people that way.
if i were a bird, i would have really enjoyed flying around our wonderful nature.
which would take away the greatness of , we wouldn't be free.
after only a year just wayed pounds.
i like spring season most.
but now their could be a lot more depress.
is that if you shopping for clothes and there's a then you'll start to go that's why there is online shoping so that we can.
then you would need to trace around everywhere to find a book.
some students sit in their classrooms.
but i disagree.
as well as do other things as well as the same time.
in , your favorite sister's currently writing you an email.
so thats why i think the can help your body.
for me i have family out-of-state, and i am happy when i go on and speak to them.
so this brings to my final that computers are a bad influence on human and we should use less of them and for ourselves by doing not seeing.
theology is a huge matter of dispute among all cultures; or 'ite, , , , , .
without the computers help we would all have to write all of our papers out.
have you ever been in the situation when you can' ?
however, is not the only one that has gained hand eye coordination from computers.
both your e-mail account and you instant message account have passwords so that only you can access them.
a book can be offensive, yes, but one book is not going to ruin someone's life.
there was no place even to stand properly.
if there is evey somewhere far to go or there are many winding roads to get there you can use the computer.
we should be grateful for friendships.
of course the libraries should be seperated into different categories such as: , , , , and at your own .
dear newspaper, in my opinon i think computers do have a positive affect on people.
if you're a parent you need to help your family with everyday chores.
you could probably find whatever you want on the internet.
a that has no books to read or magazines to inform you upon the latest gossip and fashion?
those are the major social networking tools we use to talk to people around the world.
i personally don't use a computer that often just to check my email and school work but that dosn't mean that people don't need them.
the people that are the computer alot that are adults probably don't have family over every night and probably go out with friends evey once in a while.
what be found as a offenisve book to one person might not to another one.
like the author said if everyone was able to take something off of the shelves there would not be anything left.
everyone has the same rights to read any book they want.
my whole group walked into a store where we just really didnt belong and we all had no clue this was the kind of store this was.
of the newspaper, i hope you and the rest of the community can see that computer help you more that they hurt you.
have you ever wondered how libraries pick their books?
said , a science teacher at .
if you see something and you want it so bad.
() reason why i think that people are not spending too much time on computers is because can help you in many things that you need help on.
people like their options to be open and at a wide range.
answered with yes!
why give us extra work, it's a waste of everyones time.
when people excessively use the computer they put their safety and well being at risk.
every person has their own right and if they want to listen to that music then they should be able to.
that way you can actually talk to them and see what they're doing to.
a system that could regulate peoples computer use could be implamented but it would not make anybody happy.
we play a running race.
plus the fact that the internet is quick & easy.
in conclusion i think omputers have a great effect on life.
have your kinds ever had a freind who for away and your kinds spend hours to them?
until she start losing her her job.
there are countless reasons, people are spending way too much time on the technology we have already such as the computer.
kids also do bad in school because they eventually think that school is a waste of time and drop out.
if you play an instrument and you need music to play to, why not go to the library to get some?
i feel very happy in his company.
mr. peter is very fussy about his food.
days is esential to know how to use "" a teacher of .
these are various programs.
everyday i go on the computer i learn something new.
censorship of of 'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.
to talk to people far away is better to talk to on the computer because if you have a webcam you can see each other.
lastly, businesses would not run well without a computer.
just got a new computer for his birthday last week. ""
dear newspaper, i think computers are good for many things and are useful for anyhting.
thats all that libraries like are people interested in reading their books.
smooth move, buddy.
no late fees and no waiting lists.
these types of snakes are found in african forests.
it is nothing against public libraries, it is just the material inside of them.
people believe that using the computer is a waste of time.
well, for numerous people, computers are their lives.
because libraries are places were you go to have a quiet time to read and not to get offended.
this is what will happen if we let censorship of our libraries take place.
i do think that certain books should necessarily be removed from the shelf because of violation of rights to speech which includes written speech as well.
this shows that computers is important to have.
lastly, you won't have enough family times mainly because of all of the new technology that has come out such as cellphones and laptops.
so here i am going to inform you about the good reasons why computers should stay in our society.
studying, school work, and jobs are also important things people should be doing instead of being on the computer so much.
my first reason i exercise why this so many people spent so much time on the computer they don't get they don't walk.
how do i know this?
advice and invite him to take part in every social work.
its easy to find entertainment and is extremely helpful and profitable.
computers are used for everyday needs such as finding out information.
one out of every teens spends more time telling people on the computer then face to face.
lets just say you forgot where a relatives house is you can easily type in your address and his address and easily get directions.
computers are making people shut out their families.
my guess, not much.
this include learning about people.
i just find it untollerable to post these materials were viewers who do not want to see them have to see them.
if we didn't have this connection with forgein countries, everyones lives would be different.
it can get you very far in life so learn as much as you can, and i beleive computers can do so.
as more & more people log on to technology, they seem to come out with new things for computers.
the effect people shouldn't be on the computers that much because you need exercising to keep you healthy.
when the dinosaurs went extinct.
children do not need to know about any of those types of things at all.
another example, is that you can talk to distant family in another country by using programs such as skype.
many peoples lives could be changed, touched, moved, etc... due to a book.
on the internet there are more graphic photos, and some websites give false information on subjects.
dear newspaper: i am writing to you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
many people in use the computer to talk to one of their old friends and catch up on things.
and all those websites can help .
next time your on the computer doing something that doesn't need to be done, go outside.
it is just a way to make learning fun for young kids.
another reason why i love computer are because when i have to write a project i can just type it!!!
i have both cell phone to call and text people that live far away.
but, there is also other reasons things that can be offense to others.
as shown in the example, 's people are very diverse, but what comes with that diversity is a lot of opposing views in its citizens.
it is almost like he's with me.
or maybe post an idea that can one day be famous.
we would go there and mainly go to the kids section.
time says that kids who spend time outside receive better grades than they would if they were inside on the computer.
or they wont answer and they need information fast.
so that is the only good end of the reason why computres are good.
they are strong, but not too strong to not be put in libraries.
a visit to a book-fair will give them an insight into the world of intellectual power.
i was so happy cause when she moved i thought i would never talk to her again.
there were not many boats on the river.
is so hanndy!
i remember a time when i called my aunt from my cell phone, and it wasted my minutes.
libraries cannot just throw out books because they offend someone.
kids now a days live on the computer.
some people need those types of books and magezines for research papers and things like that.
over all reading books makes you smarter.
obviously, nothing is overwhelming.
all the members of his family work hard.
people will always have their own views on everything.
dear local newspaper, well many others, i believe computers are not only good, but beneficial.
as you can see.
more and more children are becoming obese by the year.
lastly you can plan your trip.
even some people do online education.
this can bring you closer to the people you love, and help them get to know you a little better.
how would you feel it was your fault that someone's safety is at risk?
people think that computers know everything, but the truth is that their are vary little things you can experience on a computer.
newspapers publish articles, titbits, and many other things.
additionaly, computers allow people to access information about faraway places and people.
through the knowledge of this hunger, i was able to start a fundraiser at my church.
they have become more popular than the library and text books combined.
if you are concerned about your children finding books that you do not want them to see then take them to a library with sections.
computers take time away from spending time outside, or exercising.
overall, i think that making fun of diffrent races around the world is never going to get better if we never do anything to help it get better.
thats social networks help.
it's all from the skills she got going online and searching what she enjoys.
the computer is a major help.
im allowed to stay in contact, and be able to see my grandmother who lives faraway.
but food isn't all you can purchase.
books and magazines that offend people are only telling them what they don't want to hear.
i hope i have persuaded you with my well-thought out thoughts and ideas.
so please, local newspaper keep reading and i will change your mind about computers effects on people.
you don't want kids seeing nudity, cussing, or drugs in any magazine.
more and more peole become involved with technology and frankly it can be quite horrendous in my oppinnion.
it was the bow of indra, the king of gods.
it is a right to be able to obtain the information theses materials offer.
and your life will go by fast and you want notice it, your all fat and old.
, computer engenieer, says ""with the technology that we recieve from computers, we are able to be in the game.""
i still do not see why it is such a big deal of reading uncensored material.
so, in my opinion, i think people should get technology, and the real world.
one you have to walk around to seek your information and with the other, knowledge is merely a click away.
for people who do not have good hand-eye coordiantion this will be a big help.
i personally think that compueters are a bad thing.
i should also add in it has reconected of friends from high school all due to the computer.
computers also have e-mail, which allows you to send work that you have done to your boss without printing it and wasting paper.
i honestly don't think that's nessecary because not everybody find those materials offensive.
i think that is should remain in use for society i just belived it should be more under control then it is today.
i mean you can read about history, world news and you can research many different topics.
take a chance on the computer, stop the negativity and a pleasant surprise will come your way.
dear of the newspaper, is no doubt that computers don' benefit society.
i has so many information in it you wont even think a person it.
youtube is were you could see something funny, excites, or plain grose.
he is a government servant.
told me that of the people interviewed said they dont go outside and use the computer for about hours a day!
this could help famlies stay connected when they live so far away from you.
the camel is a large animal.
just because some people do not that material does not mean everyone won't like it.
then, a week later, we had another game but this time i went straight from church.
some books are very infromational and people need to study and learn about the past so that it doesnt happen again.
i believe that computers do have a positive effect on a persons life style.
they make it easier to see their stocks, their income, and even see sale trends.
that isn't good for you, is it.
it allows you to e-mail and lets you see friends that moved far away.
that's why if you mange your time it wouldn't be a problem.
we all should keep these materials as a reference to future generations.
students within a school must have the right to read what they want to read regardless of the schools beliefs and ideals.
books, movies, and magazines are meant to be read based on opinion, and it should remain that way.
my point is with computers our days are wasted with vertual games and other downloads.
the person could go out and see friends and family.
some schools banned books becuse of inapropiate language.
you want people to lock a respect for nature?
over of kids in the .s go to school and with computers the kids get a better chance to learn absent the world and society.
without music, there would not be any fun in the world.
the match was played in the playgrounds of our school.
either way she should be careful.
so instead of leaving the house, i just go on the online catalog to my favorite store called """".
you will realize that their are more than you would believe.
you missed out on a lot.
that game improves your counting of numbers.
in addition to both of these reasons, students can obtain missing work and email the teacher from his household.
back in elementary school, i remember checking out alot of books but i don't think they were adult books.
to stay focussed with their eyes people would have to wear glasses for the light.
they sell millions of games for kids to help them learn even before pre-school.
the boatman came to my help.
if censorship in libraries actually happened, many authors say forget it and not even right anymore.
the one thing, parents especially, that fuels the negative opinion on computers is safety and reliability.
it can also be common to people who spend exeessive amount of time on the computer.
in past years, censorship in libraries has been the focus of many news reports.
whether it be through television, music, or books, man can be molded into something through what they are conditioned to believe.
it would probably be a boring place.
students love having access with information around the world.
books are a key to learning!
more often a market place is found in the town.
now because of this family is.
so why not use it?
and have different books in different place's.
we lives, so i think use should using them
they could have blackmailed one of your friend into commiting a crime, right?
email is not onlyuseful for handing in projects, but also for asking questions about the assignments.
nature is full with colours.
at one point or another in life, we are all older and want to reconnect with our old friends.
also did you know you can send videos or even pictures of stuff to friends or family.
more than of give all of their information away about it on these websites and child predators have looked at them.
to conclude, computers teaches hand-eye coordination.
this is certainly a great form of technology people should have.
a library is a family place not a fun zone for adults.
computers are also crucial to communictaion.
so keep our libraries filled with interesting things without censoring them!
not censoring what is put on the shelves seems obsurd considering my experience.
so it can't be all that bad by depriving you from nature and family because it lets you see it anyway.
another way you could spend your time instead of staying on the computer is by doing outdor activity's.
another can now sell their books online and people are able to read them right.
their family ) their job.
according to , a psychologist at the , more than people, now-a-days, are inside on their computers.
those are my reason why i think that computer are great and sould be used more.
they will receive the message instantly, and even reply soon enough , president the , says, ""computers are an important part fo technology.
also people send hurtful & violent things to each otehr & it yo're on the computer alot of bad people can track you down.
so i asked her she seaid yes that is true and i looked up were my mom lived.
we cam improve just by computer.
computers can help you connect with far away friends or family members, find great naturistic parks, and help you find local or exercise equipment.
people say his lyrics and music say alot of bad stuff but most of his music is about him and his life.
i think computers have a positive effect on people because today you can do almost anything.
the government should make a legal law that you must do something that will actively benefit you.
you're a , on and have family relations.
computers are fun.
if the library took that movie off of the shelves, they would lose business due to one person.
i really want you guys to hear out my story.
another reason why i'm against computers is the people online are dangerous.
some of these important things are: online catalogs, the news and another one the most important things of all job openings.
you are probably using a computer to type the documents.
how did you learn about other countrys/states outside of yours?
it is an extremely tough situation to control his emotion for his family at the festival time.
animals are very faithful and helpful.
when a movie is made and it is ' ' or is offensive to someone then people just do not go and see that movie.
it helps you learn all kinds of songs on your keyboard or piano.
so what do you do?
it is kind amazing how advanced our technology is, how you send a message from to in a matter seconds.
shouldn't there be a freedom to read as well?
so they can do the same for there self and for there children's some day.
computers help people because of the internet.
so why even have authors write something offensive in their books?
well they should know that it can harm there kids and it can also teach there young kids bad stuff.
it's respect, we learnt that in kindergarden.
it is very easy.
like for me i use to love goin on the computer and i still do bat i see that the computer is dostroying my heatlh.
it has gotten people so much closer and you see the world in a whole different way.
they make people become unhealthy and can get their personal information hacked by a virus.
some say almost all the people that play on computers all day, day to night have died because they bairly eat, sleep, or use the bathroom.
so, just because a parent does not want their child to read a certain book doesn't mean that the book shouldn't be there.
the computer is a very important piece of technology.
after the wedding ceremony, the food was served.
a lot of peoples time.
computers allow you to look up those places.
throwing what that book says about black people in a young black womans face.
“the best day to accomplish something is the day before tomorrow”.
if they get off they can and if they won to sit there and waste or
also online you can watch movies and listen to music.
now, you dont want this to ever happen to someone who is very close to you.
i think it offends lots of people.
theres many ways a computer run help a person.
the computer is so convient, that whenever you have a question about anything, you can use the computer!
therefore, i urge you to not use computers!
people say that the best thing you could ever have is a supportive family and a group of good friends.
it is our life.
so that is why i said computers give you entertainmen too.
i's sure i would have had across time if went people have probably done.
i am going to tell you how they are wrong.
not only do computer's stand to last longer than any paperback, their information is always new, changing, and up-to-date.
said that "" are a great tool when used properly this includes looking up new places math.
the first stomach store the food that is not completely chewed.
therefore those people boycott the series.
secondly there is the fact that a computer can transport somebody in there mind.
but even though this could happen what type of free, run by the people for the people, group are we now.
the child will ask the caregiver that they are with ' does this picture mean?
there is a thing called or .
my third reason was you can meet people.
to solve this, a president can quickly connect to his/her advisors while still being in his/her office.
if the books and magazines weren't appropriate for children then the companies wouldn't print them and releasr them to stands for them to be sold.
another example is he only had vertual frend and never a real one and he is so depress becose he never had a best frend.
i also think can be had for other to a and.
i remember a couple of years ago, i was watching the news and a story came a normal teenage girl, being killed by someone she meton myspace.
not all books are made for a particular age group or gender.
while your on the computer your not getting any exsercise your not getting stronger your just sitting down.
people get on these computers and make blue print designs to make cars.
then you look at the time and its an hour later?
well at the easy access of internet on a computer, you can buy all those items and more.
whether or not you playing games or typing articles your eyes strain to keep up with a small font on a website.
if you were to stay on a computer for a whole day, taht causes people to think otherwise of how you are.
dear editor, name is and i am a year old girl; yet active in reading the daily newspaper.
there are countless reasons why computers are both resourceful and helpful.
the libraries place books for kids in a certain section to make sure they find appropriate books for their age.
they do bad in school because they spend so much time on the computer that they stop doing their homework and stop preparing for tests and quizzes.
in fact almost say they spend more time on the computer than anywhere else.
instantly, you will have hundreds of choices right in front of you.
dear , posission on the computer contraversy issue is that computers are good and so vital in todays everyday world.
the amount of exercise a person gets depends on who it is.
that's what the world would be like if computers just discapeared.
i know, they can be innoying to have to do but you're helping your family and thats all you can do.
affects more than just our health, as well inside on the computer keeps us from having expenence real experience.
it , you have realized that computers do benefit people.
eventually he is going to get sick and i'm not to blame for it.
they should have a shelve for kids, tennagers and grown-ups.
so there for you can litteraly die or get hurt because of your computer.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that technologies for kids and adults to use computers.
so another benifit of the computer is that it can keep tthings organized and poride easy ways to complete evey day tasks.
in cities like tokyo, it is only at this time that the roads are not crowded.
they also help us as a community to try and stay clean.
books allow the reader to travel to far off places or see what it would be like to walk in someone else's shoes.
these books should not be aloud to be checked out by kids under the age of unless their parent or guardian allows them to.
the most important effect computers have on society is the gathering of information.
it drives me crazy and make me think why are their parents letting their children do this.
so when you cut down a tree its like robing.
with computers you can contact people in different parts of the .
seen somthing that you think no other kid should see?
there is hardly anything you can't do on a computer.
all these cereals are produced in farms.
but they have enough responcibility to go out and get fresh air.
now i regret not getting together with her to hang out.
that isnt up to the public to make a decision.
my final reason why computers have a negative effect on people is that people spend too much time on computers and don't exercise contribute about to overweight people.
my first reason will explain the many ways computers help you beleive that people using computers is a very good idea.
the dew-drops on lush green grass and leaves of plants look like pearls.
we wouldn't want to waste our abilities and privalges would we?
i believe that they're changing society, mostly for the better.
if a bystander observes a person being abused in a hallway or alley, the bystander just cannot pretend like the incident never happened.
all of this talk about computer being bad for society really got thinking.
also of students in my school say that the computer ha s helped them a lot on school projects.
these people have hane-eye coordination, therefore they use technology alot.
plantation owners of the south raised a strong objection.
people sometimes need a computer because they might be bored, so they can go online and play games and have fun.
well if the libraries try taking away all the books and magazines that are offensive then there wouldn't be anything there to read.
these machines have helped scientists to do experiments.
would you rather us not have computers and not know half the stuff about we live in?
they make it so family and friends do not come to see you.
the reason why is because younger children sould not be reading , listening, or watching material that is for adults or teenagers.
something this big and having such a long history can't be good for some people.
one reason this is true is because people are not exercising, they're too busy playing on the computers.
my own brother became so addicted to computer games that he played one game straight for hours straight.
in all, of people agree with my idea about computers.
if people were to read books very often, there would not be enough to do anything else.
it is just like katherine paterson says in the quote, '...then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
this is a little bit about what i think of this letter.
my opinion on this topic is that computers are useful and i support this technology.
secondly, with hand eye cordination getting better with the computer.
now its your turn to jump on out of virtual world and put your head back in reality.
ordering clothes, books, movies, tickets for trips and more all can be done online.
it also tell's us how has been after the earthquake.
well, he didn't become famous until after his death.overall, not everyone has the same taste in books, magazines, movies or even poetry.
in conclution, i think that computers can benefit our society.
he is the master of his subject.
for example my dad works for and the computer helps him communicate with clients all over the world.
that is all i have to say.
moreover, the children were bound to destroy these things in no time.
you can check sports scores from the night before or check sports score from years ago.
they will engage in music, magazine, enjoy a cup of coffee, or simply get on the internet.
now, many college students have the option of taking their lessons online.
some passengers were polite and some were rude.
computers are the wall between inside and going outside in back at the world.
he does not hurt the feelings of others.
those are the only bad things about computers.
you the work on the computer.
without it how were you going to get your info.
i read recently in the that atleast of kids have a myspace or facebook that helps them interact with people from all over the world.
this is quite possibly one of the last things i would think of causing a problem, if i even thought of this at all.
you can save over a year.
i personally think that computers are very helpful and we are lucky to have them.
once we reached there, our teacher helped us to select a comfortable place to sit.
for example some people learn by example, movies, music, and magzines.
men, women, and children were playing there.
if you took a survey of daily langauge of teens and young adults almost would say they use some form of vulgar langauge or inapporiate terms.
i'll should only go on if it is nessesary.
overall, they have a good effect on the world.
one last thing local newspaper is that many kids and children and parents need to have more time.
i remember her telling my mom how her life is so mess up now.
also while your talking you can express your ideas and feelings.
the children probably would not look at the innapropriate book anyways, because they would not interest the child.
our society is maturing too fast for young children, why should the library take part in that?
but i hope that you will publish this in the paper and show them that computers are necesary.
this isn' a problem anymore.
music and movies have ratings which tell you how strong the language is on the cases.
this application allows you to take notes by typing, which again eliminates the need to write with a pencil or a paper.
computers allow easy access to the news and online textbooks which provides an enourmous amount of benifits to today's society.
we can avoid road accidents if we obey traffic rules.
all you do is go to and type in what you want to find.
i vote hanging out with my friends!
i like talking to people from all over the country.
the reason for this is becasue that some books, magazine and other stuff can be informative.
the reasons listed above tell you why i believe that computers should be taken away because of neglecting purpose.
many teenagers are inside all at the computer waiting for their friends screename to pop up so they can talk to them.
in addition without computers alot or peoples lives would fall apart, people just need to exercise more and everyting will fine.
you can never say that anyone thing is offensive to everyone because no one person can be everyone.
libraries are meant to have different types of material because everyone has a different taste.
they use their computers for work and games children use the computer to learn.
computers help kids too.
i went to a school to lern how to perduce great graphis.
all right like i said first we will talk about what the lack of exercise because of always being on the computer.
most importantly, you use the computer for school work.
i hope i have convinced i or showed you how computers are a benifit to us people.
told me that.
you are in a library where each book holds the key to a door of knowledge and adventure.
it is not fair to the writer to be descriminated agianst, and that writer must have the right to have their book read in any setting.
in many schools students ask their friend a question about homework.
there are many fun websites made for everyone.
for sale i wished that my mom was thier because she will love it.
because they never learnd how to use computer.
all teaching them is how to kill people or animals, or do dangerous things were they would hurt themselves.
your stressed and on edge you have just hours searching for a topic on your upcoming history essay.
he had difficulty being in colledge, however, because he was constantly being harrassed by his fans, so he started going to colledge online.
i talk to my friends all the time thought the computer"" says , "" the easiest way"".
they might be forgotten or never seen from again.
my most favorite flower is rose flower and orchids.
about seventy students can sit in the library.
not only can a computer increase your grades and improve your life, can entertain you as well.
many people struggle with the fact that there are items in the library that are offensive to religion, have offensive language in them, or contain adult materials.
computers are just another unnecessary thing in life.
that still does not make it right to remove what i, or others like because it offends another person.
therefore, i want to follow the path of goodness and not evil.
the library should always have a large variety of different music.
you don't do nothing, you can had really now you can in something bad.
so parents can pick what they can read.
for a while, in the was reading material for school, but then the 'morality police' banned it because it was about a crazy person.
computers allow use to play games, and learn about almost anything.
computers let you talk your you right.
facebook, , .
the rain stopped, the sun came out and the weather becomes very hot again.
another reason that i would be all for computers is being able to learn things.
the in our cars are computers; we would be lost without them.
people keep coming up with even more ways to stay connected so don't miss out on the opportunity.
you are probably thinking, computers sound so childish and infantile.
we're all becoming quite lazy.
well, you had a computer, you could go online to the news website and read more.
if so i think you would aggree with me.
finally, online predators are a great threat to teens.
lastly, when you learn how to type you have a good shot at getting a good job because you no hot to type and work a computer.
lastly, , computers take away from time that should be spent with friends or family.
also, the librarians wouldn' let me check out some of the books because of my age.
dear newspaper, "" no!'
dear news, computers are a great machine to use.
last with out computers there would be more diffeculty in large companies computers can help exercise.
the statement is true, people that use the computer can talk with people online and get information quickly than the library.
no books are allowed to be read by the people.
a is great way to bring your reading up.
when the woman stepped into his door, was eastastic to feel like was home again.
this is why most jobs have computers.
computers offer another way to learn things about the world.
people who think that the books in libraries should be censored, are fools.
so overall, if your smart enough, a computer can be a fun, convienent edition to your life allowing you to do more than you ever imagined.
and censorship in libraries, on etc, won't and aren't helping matters in the least bit.
friendly, educated people agree that this is a good way to catch up with old friends from highschool or even way back to grade school.
those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
i sure didnt.
they think that computer can help them but yes to others it helps them to their work and education.
studies show out of people who use a computer, do not exercise with less exercise throughout the world, nations are becoming more over weight.
and that's the problem in the world today, people take little situations into a big catastraphy for no reason.
in libraries i feel like its the librarians who are the cause for letting children read offensive books.
people have extremely different views on censorship throughout the world.
there are a lot of disadvantages to computers.
he respects the laws of the country.
in my opinion i think computers do.
people spend hours on computers talking to people.
although using a computer can become an addicting and unhealthy habbit, they teach a person everyday about something, are enjoyable, and help save the earth.
talk to your relatives from and you can shopping without the waiting in line.
in addition to letting people communicate they help millions people make educational and career choises.
using a computer can lead to thefts.
if someone wants to view something that is against a certain religion, so be it.
statics shows that of people would rather stay instead on the computer then out and about helping and working around their neighboorhood.
if you are like me, you like to talk to your friends.
excuse, then they're not confident in their childs capability, or the fact that they taught their child well.
computers dont keep us hupnitized.
dear , you know, more and more people are starting to use computers.
dear to whom this concern i know everybody that dont uses computers are why are people effect by the computers.
they also can't fly to use each other because plane tickets are expensive these days.
it is disappointing to think that people nowadays focus on the graphic scenes in a novel, versus the exceptional writing style.
result from a i took at my school say tahat people would go outside if they couldn't use their computer.
we wouldn't know if their lifestyles are extremely difficult or luxurious.
it is simple, if you do not like a certain genre of magazines or books, do not read them.
the huge world of the can change our lives.
you need the computer so you can print picture for your report.
lots of jobs ask technological skills in order to be hired; so having a computer when younger automatically prepares young adults life.
my point is these games are teaching the kids nothing.
the computer is for to about diferent things one thing you can learn is the presidents other thing is your family history.
i remind you that computers benefit many jobs in and in addition aid students by showing information about everything there is to know.
but i have a question for you, why do you like or dislike computers?
i think computer will help us learn, and do things faster.
of couples today say they met online via twitter, facebook, myspace or aol.
i know a computer has helped me far years so why would i teminate it or want it gone.
not a single peice of paper had been used!
because kids never want to leave the side of their beloved computer to go outside they are using less + less of their immagination.
you will miss out on exercising, nature and especially family and friends.
they don't get to do what they really want to do which is most of the time exercise.
from video-sharing websites like www.youtube.com.
we also find water in the form of snow.
computers teach us about interesting things like faraway places and people.
they split the white sunlight into its basic colours.
dear , i think that computers have a negative affect on us!
the use of technology is being abused!
they are a hudge save in paper.
the people that love to use the computer definetly have some sort of social network account, it be , or .
an idea that is offensive to one person not be offensice to the other, and vice versa.
his parents later got a divorce because he turned into a totally different person.
the computer has helped mankind with various discoveries about our world.
whether it's because the person opposes slavery greatly or they believe that slavery was a good thing, people have different feelings towards it.
i could not help but ask, why he was taking such pains.
if critics acna take these facts into consideration a computer is a better object than what most people say.
and lastly, we need to communcate better with friends and family.
i want to lead a good life.
almost all of the computer games out have multiplayer features.
maybe we should stop worrying about other people for once and just try to grow and prosper as a race.
websites that are selling stolen merchandise.
in a situation like this, computers became essential to everyone.
people used to wait that just standing there.
a computer can be used for many difrent perpests.
when your a kid my age when you have a computer all you want to do is play games online with friends.
now what we need to do is attak the robots back.
video chat is when the people use cameras connected to their computers and can talk to each other while seeing each other's face!
you can do alot of stuff on the internet that costs too much to do without it.
you respond with an hi, hey you want to come over, it's the cook thing, ok you respond.
instead of typing away we should explore the world and learn important things.
the charmer was a middle-aged man.
censoring books not only limits self expression but it also limits knowledge and our constitutional right of free speech.
like myspace can be dangerous.
so take a part & contact your local newspaper today.
for example, my mother is s former-district manager of the fast-food company, .
computers effect people in the greatest way and i don't know why some people doubt its magnificent ways of indudging people in the environment.
censorship in libraries should not be a big deal.
they can also entertain us when we have nothing to do.
they think they are doing t the right thinking by not showing you sexual offenive stuff.
find about without the expense of a plane ticket.
in a done in , of computer users had some sort of social networking or instant mesaging program.
many people play these because; people can friends.
before people starting using computers to research topics & ideas they would use books.
computer are good to have around the house, but.
most people don't have the time to run out to the library to get the books that they need, so they just resort to the computer.
for example you read about world war but you realy know what people were thinking or what the combat fealt like?
dear readers, has come to my attention that there is a debate on whether or not computers benefit society.
in that small group of people that were not trying to get rid of that book you will find a number of people that would read the book.
some people that i have talked to said that ther are excited to see their relitives or friends more often.
in present day, most people live on the computer.
lastly, computers increase your skills when it comes to technology.
they can feel dissapointed worried about you, even concerned.
so, please listen up so i explain why i feel this way.
quickly became addicted to (computer game) and began to cut down on her exercising routines.
the reason why i think this are: they provide us with information, allow us to communicate, and provide us with entertainment.
unless, your learning about it throught looks, which are dull and borring.
instead of instant messaging call them.
lastly computers are an incredibly useful tool for writing.
so we need to act now limit compute usage!
well the can solve both of those problems and more!
just a few days ago, i was playing a game where you had seconds to type as many words as you can, as fast as you can.
it's just a book and students should know just because it's there doesn't mean its directed towards them.
taking away movies and books, is to not allow people to learn from their past.
mainly why would you do it since other people have worked very hard and there time makin books.
family members that live on the otherside of the world can use computers to talk and see how your doing.
because it can mess up the way you see this can happen because from u looking at a computer screen all day or eyes can get mess up.
sometimes it be better to go outside and play but computers do help you learn and communicate with others which are just as important.
you could use that time to socialize with friends and family.
the internet also helps you find vacation spots when your going away from home what if you need a plane, train, boat ticket?
some people have a job that includes computers so they could also read the newspaper on their computer while also working.
i think computers have a bad effect on people because they can cause safety issues, health issues, and ofcourse education issues.
anyways, people spend too much time on computers if people didn't waste so much time on computers they wouldn't be losing jobs like dropping flies.
if i was a i would say, "" less computers and more green!""
we are living in an age of hurry and worry.
the reason i'm writing to you is to presuade those people to realize the greatness that lies inside a computer.
third, you can learn new exercise, moves or tricks.
in conclusion it has to be obvious that i feel censorship should be used in libraries.
no, a child should probably not, in my opinion, be reading about adult things such as sex.
as a society, we are becoming too dependent on technology supervisor says.
no one can say what offends everyone.
we live in a world today where education is everything, and we think that everyone should have an education.
she gave me a for a project grade.
and find out billions of aplications for it.
and they do help people that have physical needs.
in opinion i benefit people using computers.
what we can do is all those that refuse to go outside to do so.
first you meet how people or friends.
however, the novels that i have read are not always novels i have chosen for my personal gain.
everyone has grown up and been taught different values and morals that are important to them.
then our teachers read us books to teach us things or to keep us preoccupied.
some of the movies and books people find offensive can be pretty bad and say nasty things and stuff like that.
many people had , or at home as they them.
they also allow students to complete homework assignments and important projects.
many people at the age of fourty are probaly going to need hand surgeries from all the work the do, likes!
there fore computers hurt and are not as good as real people.
chatting become something that almost of the uses.
many people are very stern about there thoughts when they believe in something very strongly.
no one is a robot that repeats what they do over and over again.
in fact, most people go on the computer researching diet plans or local gyms.
with a simulated expiriment they can be positive that no other variables will affect your results.
you need your exercise, don't blow it off for online chat.
people need to releave stress so go outside.
they teach hand-eye coordination, as i said earlier.
addiction, online bullying, and becoming overweight is not the only problems of a , there are many more.
obviously, computers are beneficial.
you cannot control what everyone else says or does in books or movies, you have to just be in control of how you look upon it as.
should be removed from the shelves.
he returned to india.
censorship needs to be pushed more in libraries.
the second reason, is that computers can be great knowledge scources for people.
another health risk is having bad eyes.
as i stated in paragraph two that i used to be a user.
kids cuss all the time, and talk about dirtier stuff than in any book i've ever read.
computers are very useful peices of equipment.
if that was takin away from people, the people would become less informed about many things in the world.
having a computer effects your life in many different ways, some positive and some negative.
being addicted to the computer is too.
until, she got her hands on a computer.
using computers does not benifit society.
there not the kind anyone could go out and but though.
in other words, strangers, interacting with people they don't know is very dangerous.
finally, it is also helpful for all the tools that can be used to interact with friends thousands of miles away.
if it wasn't for that, we might not even have kemotherapy.
so, because the computer has different links and websites, it helps kids and adults everywhere to get information fast.
i think that this does not benifit society.
i, for one, pick the latter one.
he calmly sat there answering their questions with such a patience that i was flabbergasted.
if you take offense to an item in the library then you do not have to read it.
that means if we censored our libraries to the extreme there would be no books left.
parents have always stopped their precious babies from watching certain shows and movies.
using instant messenger is free!
the books, magazines and even movies that have offensive pictures or people with no clothes on should be removed from any public library shelves.
the boatman brought us jump to the bank.
so what do you do, you eat alot of junk food.
this means bad decisions all accross the world.
children are not enrolling in sports which makes them losse any physical strength they would get.
if you think that amazing then read this.
this means that they aren't getting enough exercise and that they are harming them bodies.
for example, when you have an essay to right about .
ypu can go on the computer around like wild animals outside too.
violence in books can influence killing.
with computers also were more likely to be overweight and choose chips over an apple in a study performed at .
more people should be out exercising.
some songs have a bad influence on children whether it has to do with violence or cussing, certain songs like that still give kids the wrong message.
advances in technology can only add posotive effects to the way of life.
thank you very much!
by doing this you actually improve the bone between you and that person.
if the libraians are worried about underaged kids getting into books that they're not suppose to, then put it somewhere where they can't reach.
everything he had trouble with, he found directly on the computer!
they also have small teeth inside the mouth.
i think you would horribly and you would want that person to go to jail.
also when everyone that uses their cpu they still enjoy the nature talk to thier family .
it keeps you in touch with friends if your on vacation from school.
what about you?
not literly but when the author writes what someone would truely say, the reader will have a better understanding of the characters in the book.
i think screton books should be sold in book stores like i dont think they should have inapropeiout books in children book store's.
dear state legistator, you live back a long time ago when there were no computers.
we also took along bats, balls, and other games.
then there would not be any point in having libraries or in anyone writing books.
there are many reasons for overpopulation.
a lot of times you could be watching .v.
but just keep in mind know who you're talking to because it might be a stranger.
you can see, i think the computer is a facinating tool to use.
communication plays an important role for a civilization or society.
people want to know what's going on in the world quick and easy.
no matter what, someone is offended or upset over something.
she knew she had a chip in the childs body.
many people in different cultures find many different things offensive.
the computer is not evil - quite the opposite!
in conclusions, hopefully your mind has been changed on the topic of computers, or if you already were in support, that as well is great.
so, would you really want to take that book off of the shelf and not let that girl ever find her guidence?
it stops alot of people to having to worry about there kids seeing bad things.
this family cannot afford this computers but they think that they need one.
second some people would try to band a book just to start drama.
do you believe that certain materials, such as books, music,movies, magazines, should be removed off of the shelves if they are offensive?
censorship wouldn't allow them to get what they want which would make them mad.
there is always a game you'll like.
lastly, if you are on the computer too often it could affect your eyes.
computers benefit society because they help the earth, and are a fast way to spread important information.
but what thing or invention doesn't.
can talk with relitives from different areas and you can surf the internet to learn new information.
the most beautiful part of its body is the long tail.
in addition, computers can teach you how to learn new languages you alway's wanted to know, like, , or , or even if you wanted!
imagine a world where we had never heard of or .
people just don't understand the present day.
it's makes some things in life much easier.
if there is ever a reason you can't drive to store or where ever you need to go to buy something, you can shop online and buy !
it is very unhealthy.
so as you can see computers help us communicate, shop and get and recive .
for example most local newspaper have a website that you can visit.
while some of it is not appropriate, other parts of it guide us.
if people did they would relize that someone had to put an enormous amount of effort to get that infomation out to the world.
next , it is easy way to make friends from other towns.
some people say computers distract you from friends when really they help you talk to your friends more.
you don't have to travel there to find out.
kids can also use computer to wright essays or print pictures for projects.
so then they call there buddies and say lets try this and most of them do then there in trouble.
its not always a good thing to censor offensive subjects.
at least not forever
use a computers and your life will be changed for the better.
go fly there and surf the totaly radical waves.
say no, 'the library is suppose to be a safe haven where they don't have to worry about children seeing and hearing things they shouldn't.'
i have also taught little cousins of mine how to add and subtract using the computer in pre-school.
if someone is offended by a book, then don't read it, simple as that.
eventhough things seem offensive in ones eyes, it could be the history of anothers.
there are about thirty students in my class.
instead of hiring someone to make at, make it yourself.
if everything was censored people wouldn't even be able to exspress themselfs.
you can be talking on video chat with someone from another country, and guess what?
what actually should be kept out of viewing for all to see?
there are other ways to solve problems like these such as tagging the books with a yellow small sticker so it would warn people that the book offended someone.
imagine forgetting your homework at school and not be able to an a in that class.
my friends on has anger problems and doesn't listen to anyone all because her family never hung.
with the we found onts information on it such us its main income, exports, resorts, and fun activities.
new styles they make more money they make.
if some fathers took thier sons fishing or camping, it would get them away computers and the father/son band will become stronger.
as you can see, computers also help students education and just our everyday life.
should be removed from the library.
it's not a subject that people normally read for fun, but everyone should be aware of it.
so thats my view on the censorship in libraries.
i don't think the parents should be in controle of what we read as long as it's appropriate.
for example you can practice typing up essays and other work projects.
if the libraries but the wrong things on the shelves they might end up in a law suit.
i have seen offensive material get into the wrong hands such as kids.
that's where they come in and say, 'i thought this was a library?!'
you can communicate with your family or friends via computer.
people need to realize these bad effects, and majorly decrease their computer usage.
to sumit all up for those of you lazy enough to not read there story essay.
my next reson for why they benifit society is theirs so much to do.
but computers arent just all fun and games.
at home, school, or even at work and yes it is offensive and no there is nothing you can do to stop it.
so many essential resources are on computers.
or how much would it cost?
not having a computer can help you spend more time with your family.
for example, the earthquake in which.
we must act quick, i don't know what will happen next.
to begin, my mom and dad always say, ""don't talk to strangers,"" when i go out.
imagine this, you need to know who the third president of the .s was.
everyone is diffrent which mean they all get offended in diffrent ways.
lastly, us kids need computers to type essays, prompts, or papers for each class.
in some grades at school there is a special typing program that helps improve typing skills.
to start off, it makes you spend less time with your family.
many teachers direct their students online learning purposes.
what happend to playing cards and board games with your family?
first, i know that people have different views appon things such as magazines, books, and music.
like a section for older kids and people.
if books are being offensive, it can just easily hurt anyone reading that book.
a big thing is that teenagers span a majority of there time on facebook, twitter or myspace.
libraries are a place to go to be used as recources or fun.
to band all the materials you believe is inappropriate will leave the shelves empty.
my mother believed that i should not read those novels at that age.
i do not agree with the fact that computers are a good part of society.
everything looked very small.
they should go outside and play sports like basketball or soccer.
if we get off our computer we could be swimming at a beach or a pool!
everyone is different.
if someone else wants to read or watch the piece of material then they also have the right to do that.
bulling is a disease and it has to be stopped, kids have commited suicide because of it.
disagree with me that is alright but, have you ever stopped to think about issues like this?
it is very, very useful for buisness workers.
news sites broadcast its social networking sites such as talked about it, and people talked to each other online about it.
as a student i often have a hard time finding meaningful literature in the school library because it is so censored.
first of all computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
if people stop spending so much of their day on the computer, then they wouldn't be having too many issues.
wait, you don't want that piece?
so finn runs away from the custody of his father and meet another boy.
if you haven't notested more and more kids have been getting glasses and contacts, due to the use of staring at a screen day.
he stop going school, he gaining.
dear readers, i think that its good and bad to use the computer to much
when i was i was adictied to the computer.
i can picture it now the freshly plump hanging from the full bush of soring green.
people with work to do might never get on.
well, it makes holes in the ozon layer and causes global warning.
so lets put a stop to it now.
that is his or her own personal opinion, and what i believe should not keep him or her from learning about the things they would like to.
the computer doesn't just let you talk to family and friends but it lets you meet new people and interact with new people from all over the world.
just because a book have certain views that can be offensive does not mean it should not be allowed on a shelf.
do you really want to be a known as the ""fat country""?
also, it lets you communicate with family, of friends in case of emergencies.
that is what i have too say about that problem.
i think computers really do benefit society here in why.
dear local newspaper, i agree that computers benefit us totaly.
out computers are used for learning about place and people.
children should be kept away from these books but they should not be completely removed from the shelves.
why would you want to stare at a screen all day when you could be having this much fun?
i don't think it's right for parents to just go in the school and say they didn't like that book and take it off the shelf.
don't let that kind of thing happen to you talk and have fun with you friends and family.
she is right.
with the coming up of courier services, e-mail system, the postmen are losing their charm.
imagine not eating, sleeping and walking around for a day.
others are concerned that people spend too much time on them.
plus, computers begin to consume the rest of peoples' lives.
't you get a lot done on them?
no one would ever want to invite you anywhere because they will know you will be on the computer.
the biggest thing about censorship is the cover up of reality.
i can even see how my cousin in is doing.
playing baseball simply doesn't require enough focus.
secondly computers make time enjoying nature.
to whom this concern computers are a great source of technology, but many people spend to much time on them.
if you think their magazines are inapproapriate then order magazines online.
many people love computers.
also, computers can be fun and entertaining.
this could happen because people would see it as the government maybe making more socialist acts by trying to control our knoledge.
one major controversy of books in public libaries are the inclusion of sexual intimacy.
once you cut down you computer time littyle-by-little, you will realize all the other things that are more worth you time.
therefore i have determined to treat the poor people without any fee.
now i know everyone, kids and teens especially, love to talk to their friends so most people sign up for an online community website.
i listen to rap music all the time but i never let it influence me because i want to be successful in my life.
they are making people fat, not getting there exercise, eating junk food and play games all day long on this stupid piece of technology.
there's less time to exercise enjoy nature and interact with family and friends.
computer should be part of societys everyday life.
water had gathered there.
the first five planets are named after roman gods.
after you read my letter i hope you will agree with me.
some people who have medical illnesses and can't talk have these little computers that can have something typed in them and it would say it.
its appeal both to the eyes and the ears is great.
te only person it hasn't affected is dad, he works on his cars day in and day out.
libraries spend their money to buy these books for the communities.
you can play all types of different games and get pictures and its is good to do your homework.
first, you can look up places, chat with friends and family.
under the to the , every citizen has the freedom of speech, press and religion.
this could impove grades by !
that proves hand-eye coordination.
growing up in a small town, where ideas of gender and sexuality were somewhat firmly set, any search for dissenting opinion was often fruitless.
did you know that adults learn their knowledge about the environment, politics, and other basic information from the computer?
, we have the laptop which is a portable computer we can take anywhere.
clearly you can see why i strongly believe that computers have a strong and possitive effect on people and benefit the society.
people all around the work go so the computer to find of the latest news.
are offensive then you really got to take action.
will people go out side more or will they sit and type?
a student in saw their grades improve from a + to a + just spending less time on the computer and more.
my friend, when he was little, would play outside for hours and hours at a time.
another reason for why computers have a negative impact on society is because you won't spend as much time with your friends and family.
another story that fits quite well into this topic is .
just because kids arent going outside to have fun, doesnt mean they cant have fun inside either.
one very basic but evident result from using a computer is hand-eye coordination.
your learning about others cultures, heritage, family history, and so forth and so on.
finally, computers can be very dangerous.
books are what have taught all of us.
play a game like monopoly, or play .
's not hard to find another in our city.
the computer also teachs hand-eye coordiantion that is important to use in the world.
it traveled at a good speed although there was a lot of traffic on the way.
lstly, i would say spending to much time on their computers.
there are a ton of around that those scary movies don't need to be in a library.
parents can just let them play games and read on the computer.
citizens spend over a year on phone bills.
his friend was so disiponded and angry.
famous athlete says "" new exercises online helps me stay fit for my games"".
dear , technology has made great improvements in the past years.
while computers, are amazing advances in technology they are also very bad for you.
books are for any reader that decides they want to go to that world.
an example is the well-known link called, "","" is a place where you can socialize.
if we didn't have books and stories that offend us, then we would never really find out what offends us.
to me, it's reminder of why i believe what i do.
computers have changed over the years, from to have .
school systems are taking away that right by not allowing them to have a certain book in a school.
especially if your multi-tasking where you eat and use the computer.
this can help with someone's job.
we need books they are the oldest but most acreart way to express yourself or tell a story.
in my opinion i think the computer its a really good way to communicate with your family.
computers are useful to find information for school projects.
the internet just does it right on the spot.
the crockery is kept neatly on the shelves.
action, strategy, puzzles, and many more.
he wants us to obey the law of the land.
reason three, your health is in jeopardy.
out of every people in has some form of online communication program.
some people think we should take books off the shelf that teach the kid's our history.
if it was't for computers kids would not make up for all the knowlege they miss in school.
the books aren't offensive only if found in the adult area.
some people overuse their authority by being loud in the libraries preventing others from reading or during something to occpy themselves.
do homework & projects, and store important files.
when will you get off the computer for an hour and go outside or to the gym and exercuse so these won't affect you?
books mean a lot to people that love to read.
will our freedom of speech be negated, or our freedom to assemble?
it would be a lot easier than driving over to the persons house then driving driving all the way back.
another thing people go on is youtube and listen to music and watch veidos.
by ""bad people"" i mean internet hackers.
she sit and thought is that just a little to much to ask for.
from their she was taken to and held from ransom.
show that your watching on the computer, to even spend time with loved ones.
even though they can be use for many things like research!
my last reason would be that nowadays everyone nos computers.
computers are just amazing!
what are you waiting for?
for example, a kid goes to see a movie that has a lot of violence in it.
no we should'nt have censorship in our libraries!
without a family, you're nothing.
or they contain degrading scenes that no one should have to read.
it's the parent's job.
this can be a good thing because then kids won't have the obvious reason to get the story.
less time on computers would also time outdoors.
i know most of us have seen something inapropprate on the computer.
it doesn't work, computers are so attention grabbing, you can't even stand to talk to your own family.
i mean you can do new exercise, train for dance competition or learn new magic tricks for you magic show.
this is my last reason why people don't use computers.
one idea in that there not alot to do on a computer for some people.
clearly computers are importan for communication purposes, we must continue to use computers for multiple reasons.
some say that computers are lessening time with family and friends, but i don't agree.
since i dont have much time left i'm going to talk about one thing you should do.
you are taking away all of the interesting parts of a book.
these are a few reasons why computers have positive affect on society and the wayore live.
well when you eat and stay on the computer you arnt exercising.
as well as authors would not want to be writting books because the books shelves are empty and their books, movies, magazines are getting rejected.
the five hour time difference makes it difficult to know when to call.
people can find places that they've never heard of, or they can see whats going on in the world.
you can't balme it on computers.
therefore, people should turn off their computers, go exercise, be around nature and have some quality time with their friends and family.
people think they are bad, but all you have to do is look a little deeper and you will find the good in .
some experts think people are spending too much time on the computers, and less time exercising, playing outside, and having family time.
he is very intelligent.
dear local newspaper.
then they don't want to read the books that are left up on the shelf.
you dont turn in your homework and fail every test.
well you not but someone else somewhere is trying to take that out of the libraries because they have a negative opinion about it but is that fair?
no book should ever be taken off the shelves.
i am more sociable than ever and im dealing with issues much better.
as a result of this increase in knolage, from a learning stand point computers are extremly good for mankind.
doesnt the newspaper write the newspaper on computers?
they shouldn't put stuff that you think children should never know about in the kids section.
not exactly but whatever show you'd like to see.
all the facts are true ans i say about people in the world go threw computers every year think hard.
i support computers because they help with writing, locking up information and provide communication.
you can fine out many hallway can take you to or beach or other places.
parents would love to see their kids move.
i go to school daily by bicycle.
just doesn't make any sense how people put up a fit because a certain material offended them.
i know that you are going to understand what i'm trying to tell you.
some people are working with stocks, and these days, the stocks could be good or bad, so you need to keep up!
what's one mens trash is another mens gold, what one person finds offensive could be sawt out by millions.
as i was not well, he took my brother.
they can even become a blank just waiting for a pinest of insparation.
or modern day without taking a step out of your house.
often times, the answer to this question is that the situation is too overwhelming.
talking to people over the computer is nowhere near close to talking to someone face to face.
now what about your social life computers can be a helpful resource in many ways, but not if you let them become a destruction.
i know you be thinking that it would be a better experience to go to the but, it is really expensive to go to very faraway countries.
blood disorders, such as high blood pressure and diabetes, can cause you to have a heart attack.
wheather its for college or for the sake of your own learning.
libraries that don't cater to a persons desires or interests , what would make them want to stay?
the are thousands of games to chose from.
i wondered if something was wrong with me; if i has a bad odor or was dressed in an out of style fashion.
you wil also need to type yout report on your vaction.
so, as you can see humans spend too much time on the computer rather than doing much more important things.
i will sometimes listen to rap music but i would never allow my kids to listen to the uncensored version.
although, if a library is putting adult books near children's books, they need to redesign to keep kids from accidentally walking into the adult section.
sence all of our new technology with and other gagits people really don't go outside play around and enjoy nature anymore.
instead of wasting your minutes talking on a phone, you can chat online.
most people who interact on the computer all day don't have a stable diet or even a good excersice ruinte.
call up a friend and hang out at maybe a local movie theatre.
i also think that computers affect people in the way that they don't spend lot of time with their family.
dear editor, i beleve that people should have computers, the resons are it dosen't take days to email.
this way i am my friends and relax.
people rather stay inside and play games on the internet then go outside and play tag or any sport.
you can also use the computer to look up different kinds of people.
dear local newspaper, the men and women who write everyday for a living, i would like you were to write rection on computers.
computers always have technical glitenes, but you don''t always have time to go to the tech help store to fix it.
computers are a good way to communicat, they are most people main source of info and buisnesses use computers for various importanat task as well.
secondly, anyone can post information on a website, therefore, it can be inaccurate.
a while back my family and i were trying to plan a trip to to visit.
some things that we read, see, and hear are just going to be offensive, and we cant control everything that offends us.
a computers chat you to reconnect with old friends, and make new ones.
because it will help everyone learned about new things.
before removing even the first book from the shelf, we need to ask ourselvees this, do we have the right to limit freedom
advances in technology are helping us become more efficiant.
i think that computers have a bad effect on people.
of those students finished their high school and college years through online classes.
watching old reruns of the .
maturity comes with understanding.
people i know have complained of their eyes hurting after using the computer.
second, the computer is a very fragile machine and it takes a lot of to handle.
teenagers just can't wait to chat with their friends on facebook and instant message.
people would not be able to read as much as they'd like because they would not have the ability to pick between many options.
for example, if you have something really big to say to someone you might want to write on email.
the offensive things should be taken off the shelves.
once the removing of books start there will be hardly any left.
all of the things that a computer can do are great.
if you want to find the news, just got to awebsite that you think has news.
i remember when computer wernt so popular.
faith-healing cured many patients miraculously.
also there are websites where people can post these pictures of you that are very personal and make a huge difference in you life.
people type their work up or they send work to their e-mail to bring home.
the computer can help with our communications for or buisness needs.
i know in the grocery store that i go to there are inaproperiate images and words that a child should see or read.
well now its this advance machine called a computer.
when i go on the computer i dont just sit and watch or online.
schools lose a great deal of money just to touch that point.
if a library were ment to carry offensive products it would not be called the library.
to conclude, does too much computer time cause people to interact less with their surroundings?
no one world like a child who is bent on harming others.
in that same time people are getting fatter and they need more exercise.
the goof of is you can get those chorse.
also, statistics show that of own computers.
windows movie maker allow you to contruct your own movies ifl you own a camera.
computers don't make people exercise they basicly just sit down on there couch and use the computer this won't help amarica get back into shape.
your next choise is to look look up on the .
finally the most important thing is what they will do for their future.
videos are great when your bored.
another thing, that is somewhat related to this.
how would you feel if your child fails school, gains weight, or gets kidnapped because of the computer?
you can also see each other through a webcam.
computers are used at many .
i can't enjoy things like sweets or running.
that is the question.
think about it.
the computer captures over million humans attention with online social networks facebook, myspace, and are the main attractions.
as time goes by communication technology through the internet this issue of helping , healthy relationships is becoming a progressively worse issue. ""
they can submerge themselves into obesity.
computers have a negative effect on people.
when a book appears so controversial to the point where the majority of people disapprove of it, then the book usually is taken off of the shelves.
i strongly beleave that people should not use computers all the time.
i truthfully do not know why you would want to remove books or censor them with a sharpie marker.
there is absolutely no exercise involved with being on your computer.
my mon always tolled me that i sir in front of the to long i will go blind.
some kids go on unprohibited websites that are not for minors.
without it, our family would not be able to function.
in a way we are brain washing them on how to live a destructive live, through adult oriented things
i by exercise in to go and play with friends or bike, or go for a jog.
would you rather be blind or not use the computer because or what could happen?
secondly, computers should be part of homes because they allow people to communicate with others world.
i believe that computers are very useful tools for learning and communication, but people today over use that power.
this is the kind of violence children read about all around the .
if the setting of the book was in a.d. the author would not want to use grammar from the present day.
computers do not help you brain in any means possible.
this are my ideas so could new papaer to se computers effects.
thrid, it wouldn't make a library what it is today.
for other purposes like wanting to play online with fellow student or friends then you have to use computers.
parents should be happy that their teenager is reading and not playing video games or out with friends.
for example, say you have a report and you need facts on , and where he was born.
these are the reasons why i think that they are not spending to much times on the computers.
these people are going to always find something or some rumor to start a big fight about these things, those people are called ''.
the computer can make you gain quit a bit of weight.
as soon as i return home, it wags its tail to welcome me.
it's your decision to stay on it, not the computers.
so, think before yo act.
the internet is a good way to find out about a place.
i say lets put a ge limit on them and mack our socity beeter and are kids to become beter adoults later on in ther life.
when our friend or relative is sick we wait for the postman.
they are an advance in technology, and they have some positive effects.
they can help you do anything.
computers also help out, making possible to talk to friends that you haven't seen for years.
well think of that.
pride hath a fall.
better yet, you can download the movies media are available , with you able to watch them with the click of the mouse.
there are wide ranges of music from rap, rock, oldies, screamo, classical, country, alternative and the list goes on.
he carries a stick and whistle in his hand.
in my opinion, there is so much to gain and learn from a computer.
more people cared about nature and enjoyed it wildlife would be taken away from animals.
sometimes it gives the book character and makes the story more real to the reader, but in other cases the reader be offended.
dear, local newspaper, you like computers?
music such as rap and the lyrics used in rap are whats making kids do stupid stuff, the music talks about sex, drug usage, and murder.
if i could tell you what it must feel like to be a couch potato i would but i never go on the computer unless it is for homework.
buying books that you would like to read can get expensive.
to whom it , i have recently heard about your argument on the effects that modern day computers have on society.
some ways it by.
when you are on the computer, no healthy activity is involved.
as i said before doing something like this, would be going against our constitutuion.
computers can increase our knowledge about faraway places, and people.
and then there is the content of what you are viewing.
there are maney resons as to why i beleve this.
there is no way around it.
last but not the least, computers allow people to talk with other people from around the world.
for example, you could use to instant your friends or facebook to learn more and more about somebody.
if you understand experts can agree and kids could be healthier and still communicate.
second, computers take up so much time that people are with their families.
that reminds me of sister.
when you buy a computer most people just buy the most expensive one, because the salesman talks then into it.
just think what would society be like with no computers.
if you own a computer, you mostly likely have an e-mail, homepage, or to keep in touch with people.
we would have nothing and the libraries, movie stores and books would be empty.
you can easily just text her from the computer.
in cities, the air gets mixed with harmful gases from factories and vehicles.
the last reason why i think censorship should not be allowed in libraries is that it'll change the whole enviroment of a library.
they're smart and they just wouldn't do no such thing over the enternet or even at all.
plus not every bit of information found online is ture.
dear , i have reason to believe that computers and other similar modern technologie is breaking up the world we once were.
that why i feel people are not spending too much time on the computer.
books are much more accurate!
the most common technolgy device is the computer, its a great thing to have but its also very bad.
friends/family are a necessary part of life, but they're not always living right around the corner.
after talking to him for a while i learned that he was, the son of mydaduncle.
i talked to my mom and she said.
the people that use computers have important jobs.
they could then pick up a violent weapon and try to kill someone if they are angry.
the excuse for parents is "" im on the computer"" then they never go and the children get very upset.
computers can give organize.
the magizines should be read or looked at by anyone because they are illistrated books.
identifying people with finger prints fast so no one can get hurt.
i learned in class that in the job were much more difficult than they are today because of technology.
to me, that is just ridicolous.
next, computers allow easy access to the news and online textbooks.
i do believe that it benefits society even though many people dont.
they go and tell and show there friends and make them start doing stuff that isn't right.
that electricity comes from power plants.
an entire vacation can be planned, confirmed and paid for thanks to the computer.
years ago i look a trip to for the first time.
amazingly, the computer is filled with knowledge like this.
computers can be great things.
people don't exercise enough as it is, and then when you add computers, people will never get active!
its practically the same as using a disguise.
one website in specific that i herad was very harmful is myspace.
they make people happy because you can play games like tetris, , and even cards.
well .... boy you gained some pounds of the and you look you need to get your self to a gym.
when they are older they might actually like them.
instead of talking to people face-to-face, teenagers and adults find themselves '"" or """" their friends and colleges.
take the consentration camps for instince, people need to learn about them so we can prevent that horrible event from happining again.
a lot of people have used computers to learn different cultures.
unfortunally i ahve to end this letter but has mush reasons and details i gave ou on why i think haveing a computer is a good idea.
this creates more problems in schools and could possibly make someone hurt someone else or themselves.
if the parent chooses to limit access, then they should be active in the process of selection.
you will get fresh air, excersize and experience.
he was wearing a worn out chappal and had a red scarf round his neck.
in this large world there alway was and always will be people or material that are a bad influnce.
the excelant source to find out all these things in a quick amount of time without having to .
i mean i do not buy tapes of 's or music but othe people do.
we will be heathy with hand eye cordination, from the mouse and keybord.
lastly the is harmful and expensive not to menshon the fact that the enviorment is already falling apart.
my cousins are getting bigger and bigger.
many people have mentioned and some statistics show that by at least , will be computerized.
computers are constanly helping society.
computers are one of the best things that has happened to me and my life.
computers make you unhealthy, bullying takes place on the computer, and it effects how you do in school.
computers, computers, computers.
what if you need to write an article for your newspaper about a newly discovered animal?
another good reason is that many more jobs these days want to hire someone who knows how to work with computers.
some books and magazines might just have the intent to explain a type a culture and raise awareness about the subject.
i know that i have no say in it and thats ok i can still believe that i am right.
we as take it very offensive when they are called someone in our own race a .
this is another helpful technique that can improve the quality of your life and keep you from the temptation of being on the computer.
hope you liked what i said here and you'll have a passion for computers.
they think that they should get some books that are not found offensive.
nature is so beautiful but its being destroyed and we do nothing.
these things benefit society and prove the advancement in technology.
dear , i believe that using computers will benefit us in many ways like talking and becoming friends will others through websites like facebook and mysace.
those are the reasons why computers have effects on people around the world.
if we went by what everyone said we probably wouldnt have anything on the library shelves.
the streets turned into small streams.
as a concerned citizen i am writing to you to relect my opinion on censorship in libraries.
that we do not believe should be on the market, it is likely that we would have no media anymore.
music is an important part to a student because music lyrics can express themselves.
four out five people admit to having multiple sites with personal information on them and out of those four people have had at least one account hacked.
dear local newspaper, are you spending all your precious time on a computer?
now use computers to organize lesson plans and print out reminders for their students.
so i think that this is a good way to talk to them.
nevertheless, computer skills aren't just a good skill to have; they are a necessary skill.
what would we be able to without hand eye cooridination?
i think we should make sure that students start their report earlyier so it could bring up their grades.
most everyone uses computers!
the computer could also help you because you could be late or unable to go to an apointment or to a meeting & you lot the person in.
then they will regret not exercising and not be able to move.
go on the computer and find them and then you guyz can plan a day were you guyz could catch up/ and guardians have issues about there child.
all people have freedom of speech in the and when books are taken off the shelf because they are thought to be offensive you are taking away that right.
if you are trying to learn a new song to be played on guitar you must move your fingers to the notes coresponding with the screen.
we packed a small bag and went to the airport.
there was a toy train for children.
you dont want to stay up al night.
libraries censor certain books if they believe them to be inappropriate for young children.
am i right?
i believe if we started taking certian information away completly we would find ourselves ignorant.
these books have meaning, which is why they are picked by teachers for students to read.
my reasons on this subject can be viewed in two different ways, but i would like to view it in my way.
holidays provide a great chance to students.
instead kids are sitting in front of computer screens on their virtual games and emails and such.
books tend to affect people in many ways, possitive and yes, sometimes negative.
for example could find something very enjoyable, but could find the very same the extreamly offending.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people because it helps make learning about other countries easier.
so if you have a facebook or myspace you can talk to your friends all day if you wanted to.
computers teaches hand-eye coordination.
how unfair it would to allow nobody to read that book just because of one person.
in conclusion, i strongly feel that libraries should not have to take out the 'offensive' books, music, or movies.
the scene was frightening and i had no courage to get inside the train at all.
these people have a shorter lifespan!
you can search places and people.
all work and no play makes jak a dull boy” is an old saying.
this pretty much shows how computers are not so great for people all the time.
this can really hurt them and others if they learn and see what is on this movies and magazines.
for example, a small girl was playing a game on the computer and a person began talking to her, it could be a predator.
so the program is helpful to us.
along with videogames, computer games teach you exactly that.
they should have a section for those certain kind of materials.
not because was gay, but because had never told me.
computer help society learn about all this.
when there is a they can still talk to warry of.
during all of this i was just about five feet form the counter these guys was at.
all i can really say to that is it is their decision.
what even happened to cellphones, you can take.
with the computers in use people become less fit and healthy.
'so you're saying 's about sex?'
but what effect does this have on people?
libraries all consist of books from everything you can think of.
they have your bank account password too!
you can communicate play , listen to music watch movies, even learn a language on the computers.
computers have become the number one source to find information.
it is a word that can ban music from stores, books from shelves, and movies from theaters.
plus people need family.
though my observations seem one-sided.
many people who hear these lyrics sang to them beleive that the person is telling them that that really is how they feel when its just a verse.
computers are also a great way to communciate it's fast and easy.
you can argue that they be learning new things or broadening their horizons.
this techology people are big they don't go out more.
everyones different meaning they have differents personalities and views on what they like.
this is another reason why computers can be positive.
" you hear me?"
kids and teenagers can also use them for studying.
another type of games where you need guide-thinking to be able to win.
censorship would create nothing but chaos and distruction as in the novel.
communicateing only over the computer can draw them away from people socially.
, computers are a part of our advanced technology.
it have a few down-sides, but it has many more up-sides.
the poor people have more children.
some censorship should be allowed as a matter of fact.
and i understand how some people are more likely to be offended because of say their sexuality or ethnicity.
of kids spend to hours on the computer.
normally the movies that are inappropiate for children are rated will find a way to see stuff.
it would make you anxious to read it.
language usage in music is also a big deal.
if you don't beleve me now, read details and you'll feel the same way i do.
another example is if there was a shooting nearby.
my second reason is because you can learn about far away places.
you cannot only talk you can do business, send pictures, invitations, and announcements.
any one person can simply send an email by a click of a button.
computer ease peples' lifes jarasticly.
we should have very strict rules on things like that so then nothing inapporpreite is shown to people making them believe it is all .
everyday, more and more people use computers.
most media is viewed, because of the inappropriate material appearing in their shows, books, and music.
i belive the computer is an amazing invention that has tremendosely inpacked socioty.
on our walk to the librairy and i stopped at the store to get something to drink.
well, not everyone was able to come.
omg!!!
now ive not really seen anything that i'd fine offensive, but ive read somethings with words i was sort of was suprised to see.
theres lots of things out there that some people dont like but that doesn't give them the right to take it off the self.
this is the daily reutine of a teenager in the .
you forgot your homework book, you dont want to get a falling grade.
a computer is anyone's passport to leisure and enjoyments.
they're actually fun.
some people feel that computers distract kids so they're never spending time with family.
we call them desert.
or to just look at how beuatiful the countrys are will make you amazed.
he is the captain of our cricket team.
such as current events, the history of our nation and how our government works.
people are not experiencing the world outside their computers.
but to technology that of thing is an avarage part of our lives.""
dear editors, i was planning on taking a trip to .
taking media off the shelves is not needed.
also, need computers now adays, thier teachers give the write up typed assignments, or power point presentations.
my uncle has named him brownie.
we shall follow the wrong path if we have a liking for any of these.
computers offer video games, learning games, and that bring creativity to.
also, at says that "" people do not exercise enough in the alone.""
the computer can also send emails to friends and family so you can say hello every once in a while.
i dont think that they should be concerned because the computer leave's people with an open mind and teach people new thing.
nobody wants to talk and a great way to present this.
certain books, magazines, music, and movies are to explict for kids these days.
once again, this is another reason i think offensive, distracting, and inappropriate material should be moved to its own area of the .
this was from a world wide poll in .
i'll spend hours commenting on pictures or new wall posts, and then at pm i've realized i haven't begun any of my loads of homework.
she took those books, the ones people were complaining about, and put them on their own special shelf behind her desk.
also, nature becoming less and less of a priority with the computer in mind.
my first reason why i think computers are good thing is because the are a good source to do research on a specific topic.
what does everyone else think though?
the computer give some one motivation.
we should all understand that computers are a huge advance in science, and they are a great help, and also fun!
they should stay away from computer for a time.
for example, children should be taught that there really are bad people in the world.
i definatly dont want that for my family.
not only is it a punishment for them, but it is also to keep them away from other people.
two, the computer can help you communicate with your family too for instance.
what if your a little kid and your mom or did go on business trips faraway for a very long time?
i don't think they should take them off the shelves, but simply rate them so everyone knows what to expect.
for example, instead of sitting on the computer much, go outside and play soccer, kickball and more.
they see things and then seeing them makes them think that kind of stuff is .
naturally, a specie we were not to spend so much time in a fixed position.
us people used these thing for haveing something to keep us intertaned.
that is how being too involved in computer games affects their social skills.
thats why i think computers have posotive effects.
as you of all people can see, many don' think too much about time.
it wrong to talk about them that way because it get teens to think it okay for them to do it and nothing bad is going to happen.
well, when they're on the web they don't get exercise at all.
my next reason was the eficentcy.
computers and webcams can allow you to talk to friends who have moved away or for relatives.
finaly less time with friends or family the most important of all.
she could even contact her doctors to see her condition after.
you can write a visual letter to one of your friends.
he praises the good work done very by them.
if people just take procautions, there is no need for total censorship of materials, that someone worked very hard on for everyone to see
imagine seven years of your life sitting in front of a computer.
but then,my eyes would open and finaly it hit me.
or you can also do fitness lessons while watching them off of your computer.
it should be an age limit on certain books and magazines ect.
you would want a computer to help.
if you wanted to know about a countries culture you will be able to go and find out on the computer.
but this is not possible without hard work.
the fast response is what is helping rebuild from the rubble.
this winter, i experienced the coldest night of the season.
you can also look at diet plans, find medicine for your health, or find new ways to exercise your body.
what if you need to send a really important message to someone to prevent them doing something or help them live or even stop a war.
it's not their fault maybe you as a parent should have made sure in the first place that your child did not see that material.
they have books now in our library that tell you what the drugs are, what kind of high it'll give you.
everyone gets bored.
my grandfather gifted me this car last christmas.
when people are surfing the web they forget a lot of stuff.
the second day of this festival is a special day.
however, let's say that an adult sees this item and feels it should be removed.
your health is at stake!
who needs excersize?
in my experience, censorship is a good thing to have.
however, there are all different kinds of books, music, and all the other materials that could offend all different kinds of people.
everybody has their own opion on things.
dinners ready "okay mom, one second' click, click, click.
sometimes a history book could be considered offensive so we censor and then we ' learn about the mistakes of our past and repeat them.
some families have a tradition.
in school now many projects are assigned meaning we need the computer and internet.
just think, now theres no table of contents, just a link and a click!
without computers, communication with co-workers, family, and friends would be nearly impossible.
not only are computers used to educate, but they are helpful in the real world.
you never know what topic pop up in school you could always benefit from checking on mother nature.
the library has a section for adults.
dear , a student of the local middle school technology is utilized to the fullest.
if you replace it with 'slave' that statement or passage loses its power on its readers.
that's why computers have websites that help a child learn how do do a problem or a social studies question if they don't know.
the new advances in technology have had a positive effect on humans all over.
i was having a hard time understanding the math.
or the computer shot doen and he cant enough money to get a electriction.
i do not believe it is.
a library is a place to go when inneed of solitude and peace with researching or reading.
before the computer, a student had to use a type writer to type their papers.
<@num1> of jobs relay on computers.
the police came and made a thorough search of the house.
i miss my family over at .
in conclusion, i was asked to write a paper to you seeing if i would like to keep computers or not.
do you know how many people use the computer?
maybe you dont want to exercise, maybe you want to hang out with your friends and family.
i think that people shouldnt use the computer's that much because it make's you want to be on it and on it day.
you could learn about the greeks, archemedes, ancien egypt, or pacman, with a computer, the world is your oyster.
could anyone, ever leave those who you care most about behind?
it is a huge step up in the education process.
not only do they enhance your education, but they also teach us foreighn countries history and let us connect to old friends.
it is a faithful companion.
when you travel, dont you want to know everything?
finaly after dinner she need to cleen a stain on the carpet but it wont come out so she buys a carpet cleener from the web.
computers have a negative effect on everbody, and hopefully someday these problems will be changed!
it's a fighting game (!)
according to , spending alot of time on computer is one of the main reasons for obesity.
someone not think that movies with blood in thim should alowed, but other thimk that movie with adalt content should not not be alowed.
luckily by next day my temperature came down to normal.
also cyber bulling could be anybody.
in the town everybody mostly has computers.
i study in s.d.
it can be useful to you when you have a report coming up.
i strongly suggest you look over my terms.
by using a computer you can keep up to date on everything thats going on.
we should not start swimming without thinking about our experience and depth of the river.
research is helpful because there could be a lot of sites on-line that could give you what you need.
dear , the use of computers is not beneficial to our society.
so i know these experts are going to make the best dicision on whether or not computers benefit our society but please take my ideas into consideration.
violence is a main topic in newspaper articles.
i think if people find books offensive they should not even read that book to begin with.
one could hear people grumbling or cursing their fate.
using the computers for hand-eye coordination will really help the to develop some world class athletes.
i recently attended the wedding of a friend.
typing in the computer teacher hand-eye coordination.
i would suggest that you should keep your mind on more important things than a computer.
so odds are if you don't know how to type you won't get very far but there in the real world.
in , it showez that of across the said shopping online improved their lives by making it less hectic from driving from store to store.
instead of taking a walk to the libriary just serch one of the many serch engines such , , or !
another way of preventing water pollution is to build cleaning treatment plants in factories.
as the world evolves, so does the human race's morals and there is nothing that is offensive to all the people in the world.
the best years of one’s life are the childhood days.
i have now convinced you that computers are very positive for people.
so, if their parents does not want them reading certain things their should be stickers on their cards.
like are so many sites that you can chosse to talk to friend or family like , or even .
but it's not the same as spending quality time.
every time i walk the room my computer is hooked, i grab the pull up right and do .
you can also gain the ability to learn.
facebook is like a place for a friend you could meet other people from different you could just find people to date on that website.
most important person in our country.
a computer can help you very much in this type of case.
if you have a project due on a foreign country you can search it up and it will give you all the data you need about it.
almost everyone has a computer and it gets used more and more and it is just taking away a great time to go be active outside.
followed by a ""hold on, so and so just me.""
dear , it has come to my attention that more and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits the society.
in the current day and age, the environment is a growing concern.
a man says.
this is a positive aspect of the computer because currently the has been enduring the economy since the depression in the.
they wear new clothes too.
it has been proven that when children even adults get cyberbullied can lead them in the path of depression even suicide.
so i dont think computers are bad fo us or our health.
in my opinion people can also learn from computers.
nature is beautiful.
movies are a bad influnes on little kids when it comes to fighting and killing.
i only go on facebook when i am checking my schedule for hockey, most kids use it for talk.
i had a problem when i had to chek you tube a lot.
social was made to reconnect with friends far away, not across the street.
now, one thing you said in your article is that people aren't getting enough exercise because of sitting in front of a computer all day.
soon the fire brigade arrived.
anyone who has access to a computer can post information on a blog, website, or communication site (such as twitter, facebook, or myspace).
the answer is that they can'.
there are many benefits to having a computer my final reason is it also give you great hand i cordination.
dear , your computer ever crashed, and you needed to do a presentation?
i also think students rely on computers to do work too.
they are obssesed with the computer and they are so obssesed they sleep with the computer.
if the libraries removed everything that could offend someone, they would have no materials left.
books, magazines, music, movies, etc., are made for everyone in the world to make entertainment for those who are interested.
in conclution i think censory is overall a bad idea.
some games they could watch videos one youtube there are many funny videos there.
that there might be things that a parent will find innapporiate for a child to watch or read.
if materials are censored how can anyone learn?
eventhough those websites do help you learn but only about for myspace, read messages on look at people comments on .
also, maybe publish some too, into the newspaper.
next, we should have computers for society because we could contact people online that we heven't spoke to.
the fire was spreading fast.
these are a lot of people that use the computer in a good way and use it for things that it can actually be used for.
computers can have their likes and dislikes.
like not letting us dive are cars for stuff.
people are spending too much time on computers.
they believe that this material will convey a message that it is alright to do what these books and music are saying.
with all of this information you ran exircise your mind to do better in life.
so, how can you keep up in a world where computer users hold the advantage if you deny the benifits of computers?
staying up to late, like on a school day and your tired.
i remember this one time i entered a contest, and the i needed was lost, then i remembered i put it in my computer.
anyways of is obese.
it could change does lifestyle dramatically.
the friends and relatives are missed the most.
in school you can do projects on other countries without traveling just by using a computer.
bad in 's libraries are a great place to learn about many thing, from earths history to where will we be in the future.
finding new species, is something you need to explore nature for: animals, fish, plants, there are many out there waiting to be discovered.
computers are important to society because it helps keep track of info like doctor appointments and crimnal records for police to follow by.
any place you want is at your.
lack of records of that period makes a study impossible.
computers are way to burdens of work.
because it got boaring day after day on the computer.
the truth is, computers are starting to take negative effect on our society and even ruin relationships.
say you wanted to go on vacation with your family.
dear newspaper, , my name is and i believe that computers have a negative influence on people.
you be outside, you will not think about the computer because you will be enjoying so much.
with a computer you can do home work extra fast, no having to go to the library to look stuff up.
they also help in schools when projects are asigned.
simulations are a huge benifit of computers.
so buckle down start that research!
computers definitely have a positive effect on people when they learn new things.
it's much more fast than looking through books, and people around the earth place opinions online instead a book with a few authors.""
that's what movie ratings are for.
campers weudent have heard.
on this homework.
it could be the elderly all the way down to toddlers.
computers give people a place to chat with others, learn on school websites, and it teaches people hand-eye coordination.
he is an architect and runs his own company.
computers can be helpful, let us chat with people but we dont exercise.
this is why computers have a drastic negative affect on people.
if so you probably would be smart to go to .
every since you got your computer have you been receiving bad grades?
dear , you think people should stop going on the computer?
they teach hand-eye coordination, they teach you about far away places computer lets you chat online with your friends!
they miss out on being in the wonderful warmth of the , or going out and playing in the snow and making , forts, or having a fight.
you will miss out on fun important occasions with your family because you're so addicted to the computer.
our principle is a strict disciplinarian.
i would think not.
they all talk on or .
it has opened employment exchanges in all cities.
basically, computers effect our lives so much in a good way that it would be chaos with out them.
as you already know computer can do a lot to help you but there are some things that you don't know about computers.
everyone is entitled to their own beliefs and has their own form of entertainment, but their libraries shouldn't be built on an indivdual's opinions.
of the international health committee.
this is why the computer supports our society.
at times of war, they are the first ones to come forward and fight for the country.
while people enjoy computer, nature.
computers can help people in magnificent ways by looking for things you despretly need.
the computer, next to the , is probably the number one thing that makes people fat.
so you should really be consider judging the skills of the computer they really do help in life.
you can communicate with anyone just by using your email adress.
yoga is something to help take away stress inside of you.
during winters he grows peas, potatoes, wheat, etc.
some people spend out of hours in a daw on computers for others it's there whole life.
since people spend too much time on the computer, the exercise less and less.
so i think talk online or using the computer is important.
so thank you for reading my letter and hope you agree with me.
that is why computers make work easy but help the environment at the same time.
i have never liked, the job of physician, engineering is greek to me.
computer's riskes out weighs the benighits.
dear local , i think that computers are on positive effect on people.
websites such as edline allow teachers to post their students grades very quickly.
i know people spend to much time in computers but to other people its not.
for example, the search engine, , is an easy to use website that can be very helpful.
some people use their computers for other important things like buying things and getting directions and adresses.
without computers we would not be able to type documents as quickly, communicate, and find information in a fashion.
different teachers are responsible for different subjects.
that is messing up the relationship with your family.
said our health teacher.
some parents in sociey believe that their neighborhood is a perfect harm free enviornment to raise children.
now, that fact bring me to my next point.
things are sold on the internet that are not in stores, but you don't trust the internet when buying these products.
that same magazine could help a student with a assignment at school.
once you read this letter, then you will understand my reasoning.
one main effect that see is many people play the computer too long and are becoming overweight.
computers make the world a little smaller and helps us learn about each other.
what would happen to us with out this wonderful invention?
now that is in shape for any sport plays.
you wont enjoy yourself, and doctors.
we can learn wat they eat like in they eat many beans a lot of there food have beans even there salads.
com and were able to learn math and have fun at the same time.
they are complaining about how computers interfer with their family and life.
there are many books that are not appropriate for childeren or teenagers, though they can still check the books out in the library.
when your not on the computer at least walking a little bit, but typeing doesnt do anything for you.
now no one has to get in a car and go visit any one else.
dear newspaper, i think computers are a good effect in our lives.
technology and computers have came a long way.
i think you should take your time and read my article in this wonderful newspaper.
he suffers from no disease.
the most apparent is musical instruments.
street hawkers are found in every city.
i love my pet rabbit very much.
it has a long neck and a tiny head.
next time you see a person who thinks computers give negative effects to people, tell the advantages of the computers and how it benefits society around you.
people sit on there butt all day.
it is one thing to censor a book or movie, but to completley remove it is another.
another option is , say someone is going on a vacition to and they know nothing about it.
school websites have information about classes, events, and clubs.
a computer is just a simpler way to look up information.
both are given an assignment to write a report on a famous person.
however, i have the choice to watch a movie or listen to a song.
all guys love cars.
features we find in many railway stations.
the other day i showed my mom how to use a computer and she said it was the greatest invention sense sliced bread!
you my even use information on the computer for a report statistics show of people who do reports, find their facts on the internet.
there is a large number of children’s books.
fanatics like me don't like to see our favorite things gone.
at least thats i think.
be the smart, and well educated people.
however, because one cannot effectively compare knowledge and harmful effects, this is a difficult statement to make.
in conclusion, i believe that computers affect on people.
i'm glad we have these safety ideas for kids.
these ar my reason why i think that we shouldn't be on the computers.
if theres no variety in a library i don't see how it can be called a library.
do you want to learn about the far away places without breaking the bank?
not wanting to is totally differnet from not getting to.
my mom always says that that is how she stays close to her friends and that is the same with me.
if the materials propose things like racism, i would like those items taken off the shelves.
it is inportant beause some of movies, books, and magizines have a bigger influince on the kids then most people think.
i'm also not a big fan of reading, i read when i absolutely have nothing to do.its very hard to move onto a different series of novels.
they won't hurt us.
it's very important that people stop spending a lot of time on the computer to make sure an addiction is prevented before it can even start.
birdie is light brown in colour.
lastly something you can do is buy music on the computers.
instead of just letting whatever you didn' know just pass on you could look it up on a computer and educate yourself and possibly others to.
why not it?
thirdly, they are a great source of entertainment.
with computers over in level is just a click (and or screen) away.
people are spending to much in their computers and are spending less time excersising and staying healthy.
he's taught people that the time if you get out and have fresh air your life will be so much better.
first off, most are spending less time with friends/family and more time looking through a screen.
people are capable of spreading news in seconds, infact of news is now done through the computer.
i am sure you will agree with me about keeping the computers in this world because computers help everyone in their education.
but, since you don't like it, you take away the other guests' privilege to eat that candy.
if the gurdain of a child believes that a certain book is bad or offensive; then the gurdian can forbid the child to read it.
the computer is just there.
computers have drastically helped out educationally at school, not to mention the easier way of connecting with friends and family.
with all of these good reasons there should be an instant choice of it they're good or bad.
next point shows that people are not enjoying nature.
my first, reason i think we should keep computers because it helps people with there hand eyes coordination for jobs.
lastley i think computers are good for people, they help with education, work and comunication with friends and family.
dear , i, agree that computers are benefits society.
also, once it's online it never goes away.
computers can help you to learn faraway places like , , , and other faraway places.
besides education, computers can also keep us entertained with games such as virtual solitaire.
if peopole are getting addicted to the computer they start to do bad things with the computer.
dear post, computers are an advance in technology, in a good way.
of course that what my parents do, everytime a vacation they look everything online like the hotel, the, and the.
modern time and the people who disagree enjoy some family and friends lives far away and you cant talk to them in person.
lastly if you download a lot of music you can just but a cd or better yet go to see the band live.
katherine paterson says that if were all aloud to eliminate things that we thought were wrong, then there would be nothing left to be right about.
i enjoy listening to music because sometimes songs can relate to you and make you fell that your not alone.
yes, i know their are bad unappropriate websites, but their are a lot of ways to block them.
instead of going on those websites they should be on a website such as do research.
now i consider myself a young adult and i believe that other children my age could read about different things and know whats right from wrong.
as a result many people are not as healthy as they should be.
not everyone likes the same things and we shouldn't have to.
i'll tell you.
also, you can watch movies, episodes, and videos.
once your done with colloge and you are a nuse, for an example you can get a higher degree like a registered nurse then being a .
some examples of nature are trees, grass, the fresh air.
for what i am doing right now is learning to type faster and faster.
the computer has shone me places that i have neve sene before.
it can help police find info about their criminals and track them down so they can them.
you can keep everyday updated at all times.
we will take away man kind's capacity to learn.
have you ever had someone move away and you wanted to keep in touch?
movies tell what ages are okay to watch those movies.
documents can be saved do that they cannot be lost inlike a hard copy written by hand.
when children go to a library usually they will not do so alone.
computers can do more harm then good in a house hold.
out there, and yes, they are certainly fun and healthy.
nobody wants to read lies, do they?
next not everyone online is who they say they are who make false accounts on like or .
you will have to send a better by mail kids had be typing instead of writing.
for a person of any race this is a way to feel the pain and struggle of people before us.
i am sure most of the things you have to type for are written using a computer.
you go to the library and pick up 'the of .'
computers aren't as good as real life.
to start off, computers can help you connect with faraway friends or family members.
majority of the times it is best to seek help, i personally think you should take all of these reasonings into consideration.
i just want to remind you that their helpful a great learning resource, and a great way to stay in touch.
it doesn't cost that much and its very usefull.
not only is that entertaining but will save money because you don' need a .v.
it helps people write better and better.
the main problem concerning book censorship in libraries is not the content, but how the interpretations differenciate towards such content.
also instead of lugging your text books from school to home and back, we can use online textbooks.
or perhaps the parents do not care about what their children have access to.
another reason why computers are good because it can bring the world together.
and in alot of these games you can talk to people and make friends.
, the less interesting title is what your news will change to if people keep using computers.
so take movies for example.
and if you move on you will be a better person in the long run.
there are multiple reasons to back up this statement, including an accurate quote from author katherine paterson.
this is why 're fighting this is why were here will you join us?
this hurt me because that book was one of my favorite books to read.
tired of running around your house to find you car bill from three months ago?
which would eventually eliminate everything because there will always be at less one person who thinks something is offensive in someway, shape, or form.
the language was not meaning to be used offensively, but simply to state how people talked and how things were when was alive.
say yes to computers good effect!
that is, as long as you are not on too much.
two pedals and a bell are also part of it.
there are so many materials in the world that are found to be offensive.
if i had a facebook or account, it would be very easy to say something false about myself, or someone else.
it is very fast and easy allowing people to talk to each other more and communicate.
more than half the time, they heard that language from their parents.
dear , i have recently heard about the debate on whether or not computers are used too often.
americus futer, the children tommorow, want a wher everyone has diabeties and diveron there computers?
there are many games on the computer for improving hand eye corrdination.
you know as well as anyone, most video games are not good for you.
but sometimes, during certain weather conditions, kids aren't able to go outside, so they myt entertain themselves indeers.
next, people don't enjoy the beautiful nature that is outside.
once you start with the computer you'll never stop.
as grow up, they learn about letters of the alphabet and spelling.
my next reason is that computers let you talk to other people online.
why should your opinion speak for everyone else.
second it helps students with school and homework, and lastly because they help you get a hold of family and friends.
there are many reasons why i think these materials shouldn't be removed from the library.
first of all, computers are proven to be the second best source of education, behind school, along with the best source of information.
it would be a great experience for anybody to read this book so even if it is censored where you live, go buy it and read it anyway.
the computer gives you an unlimited amount of information that will help you in any report.
this is second reason.
once he was addicted it was very hard for him to stop.
a study done by the shows that of kids would rather be outside playing and excersising than in their house on their computer.
everyone is cheering you on.
history classes are very helpfull because they teach you about all the different wars.
no library should uphold to the needs of a minority about an 'offensive' book just because they say it's inappropriate.
having a computer can make you lazy, you from enjoying nature, and can have you not spend time with family and friends.
this would be of good importance to me if you took my letter into.
it is a conveinient, fast, and for the most part safe way of communicating.
have you ever done a report on on a far away country?
, i am writing this letter to inform you about the use of computers.
they do not play or buy anything from the canteen.
the beauties of nature are amanding everybody but of people don't take the opportunity to enjoy it.
if a kid is rumaging through the more adult section of the library, they might be expossed to some information they are not ready for.
in this society we live in we shouldn't go base on ones option because everybody has a right to freedom of speech.
the place where people buy and sell various things is called
picture yourself, sitting at your desk, talking to some friends online.
i strongly support computers and believe they have a lot of potential.
do you like to stay organizes i personally, think it's easier to get through life and everyday, knowing where things are and staying organized.
computers can be used just for fun too.
the amazing computers also allows you to watch videos on the interet.
instead of being on the computer, is fun going to the beach with your kids, wife, father, and etc.
computers are also helpful for chating.
the other day i was at the bait shop and i heared a word that i dare not to even say and i hate hearing that word.
thank you for your time.
many of the older people think that it is not fair for them.
it is a problem if your on the computer more than you exersize but with techology today you can get exersize wile useing a computer.
i' ve been to the library numerous times and i have never heard anyone with a complaint about something being offensive.
also, it lets you communicate with friends and family through the internet, for example, using facebook or .
this would sovle so many problems if parents would actually follow through with this it might work.
as you can computer can mesmorised a lot so they don't get enough exercise.
for some i'd say like that but what if you cant travel up the due to money or flying conditions.
we hired a boat and started rowing.
many in our comunity require computer skills such as a acountant, a manager, software designner, and a computer programer.
go's the sameway with some of the books they always start out good and then the just turn into a big mess of gor and vileance.
there are websites that can help you keep in contact with old friends that you don't see anymore.
example is it helps students with homework.
if someone should find something offensive they should have the common sense to not view that material any more, it's that simple.
it's now or never to decide either waste your life on a computer or live your life.
computers can show and tell us of wonderful places beond what we have scean.
first, spend less time exersing, very important.
so, as you can see computers have a very positive effect on people ways that they do this is that they are educational & they help learn.
introduction-a proverb-its meaning, literally-examples to explain-timely action needed-the ship and the crew-conclusion.
examinations cannot thus be removed.
let me throw out an example to you.
but do all these & exercise plans really work?
any buisness owner would cringe at the idea of running of buisness without a computer.
but if you open it up what to do you find?
the school playground also becomes alive with the students.
putting my learning to a stop.
it tells us alot of stuff.
get outside have to conversation with a friend and internet with your family.
you said why todays a nice day.
wait i also agree but spending time on your computer can actually be a good thing.
who doesn't like computers?
in some books its has some offensive stuff about that were stated by .
finally one day he got nosy and took one of my mom's movies without asking.
people depend on computers too much, it can backfire and cause a problem for you.
should not be taken off shelves.
my first reason i believe computers are good to have around is.
finally, i would like to get on some of the movies they let people check out.
between winter and summer seasons, there is a short period called ‘spring’.
real life is rated so why pretend it's not?
and thank you for having time to read this.
many people want to go to places but they do not know what the place looks like or where it is.
it's to use the computer to chat with freinds, search some stuff you never seen.
i know have a facebook give don't get think it would be a good chore.
without computers, how would we know aobut all of the stuff that we know now.
i'm not sure if the omputer has changed the direction of advancing technology, but i can tell you, it has definitly offered the course.
the only flaw i find about children down side to some magazines is the fact almost every magazine has atleast half naked women, or man in .
computers are like mind, and body eaters the slowly take away from you and let you cry, and weap the rest your life, 't you agree?
they even lose their kid or the house that they live in because someone wanted to act all big and bad to be popular in school.
now people can simply type up an email and hit send.
in conclusion the has benifits to you, like interacting with friends online, learning about new places, and being able to study.
childrens specialist says, need to be able to play video games, even though they are usually discouraged on the computer.
that is what starts all these things of people saying it is offensive.
i personally think that certain materials that are found offensive should not be removed from shelves.
when i am doing my homework, and i don't know how to another a question, i go on the internet.
now you know that computers make life efficient.
without a doubt, continue reading.
so, while the're having fun, you can just think of how much they're learning now!
things today are way different.
there are so many ways to connect with family and freinds.
this being said why should public libraries be okay with stocking this material.
lastly, why talk on the phone or in person when you can just send them an e-mail or chat online with them?
the kids won't be missing out!
all of the day's food settles into the stomach and little to none of it is burned off.
i am against censorship in libraries and i hope you are too.
for example when there's a major essay due the next day, you can go on a computer and type it.
its not just webcam either you can also go on facebook and other sites like that to talk to family and friends and see pictures of one another.
most people spend to much time on their computers and less time interacting with family and friends.
by the way your an adult who didn't go to college when you were because you had to work well.
i also think that are there should be more signs that show more about what some books are about.
however, it has kept kids inside instead on the streets causing trouble.
saftey, the money, health.
so have you desided what you think about taking them off the self of your local libary or even your school library.
therefore, censorship of literature should not be enforced.
my grandparents came from montreal to attend my birthday party.
when have you ever went into a library and found a book that is so offensive that you complain or try to get that certain book off the shelf?
public media outlets need to be more heavily monitored, this includes public libraries, retail stores, the internet, and .
there are also criminals on the computer.
the removal of the potentially offensive material would not be any help.
it also helps you with your work.
now it be the easiest way but also the most boring, i mean really do you want to talk like a robot or with emotion like a person?
theres something for everyone in a library.
these sites provide games and many videos, or even learning aids.
also, the benefits of , or personal computers, are too large and helpful to pass up.
i go on swifts website to see if i have homework dure and that helps me out a teachers put extra credit online.
in a magazine i read said, ""people are not spending time with their friends and family because they are on the computer instant messaging.""
anyway most people use the computer to communicate nowadays.
also, people need to be able to talk online.
true people exercise every day.
we get enuf of that in school carry all these heveay books around.
people aren't on the computer to research people.
everyone is offended by something.
first computer is a great way to chat with friend that you havent spoke to in a long time.
however, are all of these materials appropriate for all visitors?
what people do is go to all of them look at things or buy something.
the final way is to download something where they can send instant messages to people all over the world.
another reason is teachers and parents use e-mail to talk about academics and their children.
how would you like if you still had to read scrolls from grene when you could look at on online?
there is no law forcing us to see movies that we do not desire to see.
if books and or materials are removed from the shelves, that can hide so much useful information that people could gain.
i belive it does benefit society.
for exmaple: , , .mail, ect.
spending too much time on computers can cause to loose time and money.
as you know are perfect for building skill and get information, but you can away alway use a computer for fun.
so they can play games with people from around the world using a computer.
this is just ridiculous.
scientists and doctors find out new discoveries and what advances have been taking place.
my experience with computers is that they have much information but sometimes it can be too much.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion i belive that computers have helped our society a lot over the past decade or so.
my second reason why we need computers is because people have facebook.
you question a leading doctor?
lastly going on it alot isn't bad.
plus they can talk to other people.
so why not take the risk?
secondly, every computer that i have seen is able to play some sort of game, whether it be by a disk or on a website.
not so foolish.
i sure would.
just because it is offensive to one person doesn't mean its offensive to all .
some people dont have a lot of money to buy a computer.
the internet also has a lot of eduacting games whiten is good for people who had that extra help.
it isn't fair to take books off the shelf just because someone finds the book offensive.
waist of there spare time on their computer.
is playing the game with a diffrent player you can chat with that person.
home interesting was it!
dear , yes, i do believe that for too many people are 'addicted' to the computer, and spread more than enough time on the computer everyday!
computers give you the ablity to learn eye and hand coordontion throughout life which is why it is a posite thing for people.
computers are indeed the best way to comunicate.
another reason computers effect the lives and people the dangerous chat rooms.
he stays on the farm till the evening.
a couple times i pushed homework aside to use the computer and my grades drops alot.
dear, local news time editor using a daily has a positive effect on people, wouldn't you agree?
some believe that this would be a concern because it affects peoples health.
as for the music, we would just stomp our feet and clap our hands to make music.
that is the business, finding talent where it is seldom found.
you can see where it's going just by looking at the screen.
she does is go on facebook, forming and youtube.
people lives, health, and the environment are all big issues that computers help to distore.
they over powered both of them and tied them to cots.
for the news, thats all for my parents b/c i don't watch the news.
birdie and i have become real good friends.
it helps us keep in touch with our friends and relatives, who stay in far off places.
emailing is great, its so hi-tect you can email one of your family members who live thousand miles away from you.
everyone has their thoughts and comments on at least one religion.
trying to take the book off the shelf or complaining about it would only take up more time.
dear local newspaper, you agree that computers effect people?
we don't on forever we friends or search something useful we talked to our families we go online searching for they couldn't fire.
the invention of computers have change our world in a positive way.
we wrapped ourselves in warm clothes and set in front of the fire.
you can also find directions to places, sports stats and about different places.
dr. says that online games keep kids from getting much needed exsersize and fresh air, that every growing child needs.
but they can go online and take classes on their free time.
on the subject of movies, are some that should be censored, like the movies containing extreme violence or gore.
while playing one hasto obey the captain.
they teach many things for people to learn and that have already learned.
for example you can think you're talking to a friend but as it turns out you were talking to some stranger.
all over the world young kids, young adults, and adults are reading books, magazines, listening to music, and watching movies.
company designs software and uses computers .
this doesnt help our peole because its only there for your money.
in the book, the government uses technology to brainwash people and then manipulate them.
many topics in books, movies, music, magazines, etc.. have inapropte things in them.
i don't think there is any person that can live without one of these technological beauties.
a lot of the parents do not want there kids to go to the library and look at pictures that are really offensive.
of people that use the almost everyday are students.
so come on down to the council on and vote for the new of the !
living things exist with sun – light.
i know what kind of things happen when you dont keep them away.
i think that learning how to type is an excellent thing.
studying is also made easier this way.
the internet is a virtual at your finger tips, it provides the smartest questions to the most questiners.
there are many movies nowdays that can be seen as very offensive.
initially, imagine you have a project due in two days.
, who headed this study said, " are taught by society that computers can do such wonderful things and educate them.
there are some movies out there that are just so funny , i could quote ever line of it.
i want to play my computer.
we wouldnt want to deny them of this, would we?
also, kids could teach their parents how to use computers if their parents don't know how to.
music is the number one entertainment people enjoy.
show that you don' like, don' watch it.
third, computers lets people talk to other people online.
than they you to other family members and before you know it you all to other again.
every age is different, so your not going to find some forty-three year old hobo on the streets reading, ' ' by .
he or she was just probable writing a book that they though was a good book.
it's not like there is any book, magazine, or even a song out there that someone doesn't get offended by.
furthermore, many shops like have a catolog online, where you and effenly.
human beings do not always want to learn the same things.
i think the computer isn't bad for people computer help them a lot.
computers also do the same thing for music.
of equipment coupled to the computer would help us to operate audio and video
reseach shows over of says computer is everything.
of business meetings are held over the internet has benefited work ethics.
in this way among the men and the cats has a big relationship.
the last reason why i perfer nature over computers is learning on how to do something.
my final reason is that computers can save paper buy having a lot of document on your computer.
also planes, the only reason the piolot is there is in case something gose wrong.
that is why i think that computer can answer your questions.
there is icon inside one of your documents.
he sits outside the principal’s room.
the time is now to get out there and pick up a computer for yourself!
there are stores that could provide you with that material for you to purchase.
my first reason not everyone should use a computer is because they get so distracted in the computer they forget about school.
they make collections in the name of relief and misappropriate for personal benefit.
computers are addicting, they cause problems and are dangerous wrong in my opinion should be stopped.
tehre is a variety of other that, much like these two, enhance our way of life.
computers are one of the best things that has ever been made.
now it would be nice if there was just one type of music that everybody liked, but there isn't.
if you are getting lots of exercise then you are most likely not going to be obies.
but if they can not accsess the material, they then need something to do to fill that time.
although these are all underlying problems in the censorship system, it seems to all lead back to the parents.
if you don't like certain type of music don't listen to it.
choice is one of the prinicples of the constitution, and it should be protected, limited
they can be religion, race, or brought up in a different way.
although some bodies of work be percieved as offensive or inappropriate, i believe that they should still be available to the public.
for example that can help you to have ability to do more.
don't act like you don't know what im talking about.
as you can see in the we need improved hand-eye coordination and could do many positive things for the country.
read articles and stories right on the internet.
why tempt them to be someone that reflects profanity and offensiveness when they could be so much more?
there are plenty of dangers out there in .
can't deny that books and any other writing place ideas in our head.
in my opinion i say that , computers do have and effect on us but a good reason.
first off i would like to say the computer is a good source of information.
another thing is that the library has certain book for a reason.
you always have the choice to go outside and take a walk.
another solution is you can get up on you learning skills or find a job around you town.
so no matter what we should should never try and take offensive or any kind of book off the shelves of libraries.
this is a huge problem!
preety soon all parks are going to have to get closed down.""
sometimes your computer doesn't bring you to the wed anymore.
secondly, we teenagers today use computers to talk with our friends email , i think this is alot better than sending !
i think they are important and needed.
now think if it how many do you see your kid on it?
father took his camera along, and we all left for the zoo.
whether it was getting an answer to a homework question or researching a person for a project, we all use computers.
so go get yourself a computer and amazed!
there are websites like and facebook where all you do is talk to family and friends.
do i believe that ceertain materials, such as books, music, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?
honestly i wouldn't know how my life would be like if i didn't have a computer and i wasn't able i now.
there are many computer games are there that you have to react quickly to and call for fast reflex and hand eye coordination.
this very useful technology has a positive effect on people because, it allows people to send, receive, and research a vast variety of information easily.
let's just say a husband and wife are watching a movie together.
it's better to learn stuff in real life than in computer's.
all kids should have .
he should love the younger students.
something that someone might find offensive might be interesting to someone else or they might have to do an report or project on it.
the younger you are you can learn more about the stuff
so as you can see i support the use of computers, and i feel they are critical to peoples daily lives.
some of the books people need to know about.
all of us have our likes and dislikes.
so why do we need these things?
thats whay i think we should keep computers in our society.
another reason is people's opinions.
maybe it could be age adviced but thats all they should do they should not cut down the content.
do you what is?
sometimes watching t.v.
all of the deseases brought on by computers can be just by less time on the computer, & exercises.
i think people should spend more time with their families and their friends then spending it on the computer.
by giving everyone the freedom to enjoy what they like will make alot of people happier.
that goes to show that the computer's negative aspects can be eliminate, leaving only the positives to remain.
however on the other side of the library, there were books about children escaping their own world and traveling through time in a magical tree house.
the police took a long time to find her after she had been kidnapped, because the person who kidnapped her hid the evidence by a chain of blackmails.
for example, you can't have any liquid nearby and must not throw objects near or on the computer.
this i thinck they should put and they should pick.
the libraries should have a certain area for children's books and another area for adult or teenage level reading or material.
an example is if we have a big project in about , and we dont know the computer can look all different focus and see pictures.
see photos of - a sight most people would never get to see without the internet.
now in day there are a lot of websites that you can chat off at or you can also do a webcam chat like ovoo.
i do not belive they should remove books becasue of bad language, or somthing about god.
my second reason was going out-side and the reason for that is because people need to get fresh air and not be locked inside all day.
i believe that these types of materials should stay wright where their at because people can over look them we just decied not to.
for example, a game called of can get you addicted fast, you barely do anything elese.
the best thing of all is that is free unlike a telephone.
thru computers all around the world, and going on the computer can open you to the whole world.
these computers are crazy expensive.
also, depending on how long you are on the computer for.
music is the same way.
what is technology?
getting viruses are not cool you have to wait a week or so before they fix it.
i dont know what i would do without one.
it's also easy different culture, people, and places.
compared to an alcohol addiction, about , or drug addiction, , addiction is microscopic, and not to mention, not deadly.
computers can ruin lives by increasing your chance of becoming unhealithy overweight.
most people use compoters every day!
one bedroom is using my grandparents and others shared with my mother, father, brother and me.
kid end up getting bad grade because they spend time on the computer.
some people like the music genre called rap which does have some strong language in it but its your choice to listen to it.
this will helps us to live a healthy life.
their ears are big and they have a long and powerful trunk.
there is really no reason for them to looking at it at all.
this means that and thousands of others rely on computers for communication with friends and family.
so thats why computers are a good thing to have in our society.
i know everybody likes to talk and text on your cell phone.
for ant book you can find some bad thing about it.
the second reason why computers have a bad affects on people it is not safe if you have little kids in your home.
with a computre you are able to re connect with your buddy.
with a good strong mind and willpower, you can overcome a bad decision and play sports or go to the gym.
now a days, seems like the younger the child is, the smarter 'll be.
alot of times kids have a ten of cordination, but i have a that if kids on the thing will change.
and as for magazines, if a parent is really that worried about certain ones around their children then don't let them buy them it's your choice.
a lot of things are done by computers, computers also prevent you from wasting money on books because you could just google it.
lincoln was a great man who loved mankind.
however, with this great tecnology, we could e-mail them.
if someone is thinking about going to then they would probably go on the internet to learn about .
even if they don't appeal to you, it could be a completely different experience for someone else halfway across the world.
for example, if you are a student you need to do a project.
if you have a e-mail teachers and people at work might have to e-mail each other to handle business.
in a recent poll done by magazine, it stated that of people between the ages of and prefer to be online rather than outside exercising.
of says that if we didn't have computers wouldn't have been able to see her neice and nephew open their christmas presents got them.
how else would it be possible to travel somplace far away without booking a flight on a computer.
i do not think that they should be taken off of the shelf because some people find it offensive.
with all of us being different all over the world.
of the people who use computers are obese or overweight.
dear local newspaper, i have herd that some people do not agree that computer benefit our society.
many jobs involve the usage of a computer mastering how to use the computer before.
lastly, when viewed carefully, computers are very reliable, and can be made extremely safe, which eliminates the main fear computers.
, it lets my wife and i search details about a trip we want to go on.""
thats less trouble you will have to go through later on in life.
do you see why we need them for everyday life or just to get around?
that leaves people the choice to watch, listen, or read the things they want, and they have to know beforehand that it might offend them.
computers have had a negative impact on society.
so next time you are using a computers, think of all the things you are missing out in life!
also it usually ships to your house in a couple of days .
in these types of games, it costs money to bag upgrades buy towers.
my three detaileds for this news paper article is one state you opinion about the effects of computers.
they are having a positive effect on people.
they really wouldnt know the side effects and bad thing that could come out of those things.
when files are lost or misplaced, the worker(s) can use the computer and bring up the back-up file.
during projects a kid want know everything so a good way to get information is to goes on the computer and search what your looking .
when you have to write a research paper?
after my father leaves, i have to dress up for school.
also that they don't want their children to pick up a book or movie that isn't acceptable for their age group.
i look at a computer and think of progress.
more and more people use computers, they love computers for place that are far or the news.
the coolies are seen sitting in a row.
people are different and we have a right to our own opinions.
it distracts kids conversations first of all when people to talk with someone on the computer it is very hard because, they are absorbent in they're doing.
some people use the computer to fill their emptynis inside of them inistead of eating.
is very important to have interactions with people.
yes it dose have a positive effect on some people.
diets don't always work and many people have tned them.
i hope you understand & put to use my opoinon.
people can connect with others from all over the world.
also, kids get into dangerous for example they get kidnapped for this informal and the people they talk to.
i remember a saying ""family time is golden time"" , now a days no one spends time with their family.
what will be next?
not to mention, too much time is spent on the computer instead of being active.
everyone in the school loves and respects him.
firstly, these technology enhanced dictionaries help you with hand-eye coordination.
finally their bonds between friends and family are weahiming.
since this helped i have been over to his house about times this year as to every .
sure a computer uses electrisity but paper wastes trees.
i don't think nothing should be taking off the shelves at the libraries, if it's educational to your child in a certain way it should stay.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are great for our society.
there is nobody in the world that knows everything, but there are computers that do.
those materials reflect other peoples life and help others with thiers'.
this year the summer season was unduly long and extremely hot.
when i was in that movie i was laughing so hard i almost peed myself.
after sometime the bride came.
everyone loves staying on the computer.
so everyone agree with me because you knew i am right.
lastly, librarys choose what they put on the shelves and they never know who will look at it.
those who suport advasas in tecnollogy belive that computers have a positive afect on peoples life.
these things can happen if you go overboard when using the computer.
out of every americans are couch potatoes and choose to go online than to stay in shape.
it has two big
to see becalling news.
two, new websites have been made and people want to see how works.
now, an you can text people right from your computer!
dear , should certain books be removed because some people think they are inappropriate for their children to see or read?
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers have a coolest effect on people.
if you get it from a it might not have what you are looking for your project.
it is a carnivorous animal and its long mane gives it a handsome and proud look.
the first reason why i don't think offensive material should be removed from shelves is because it is the parents duty to watch what their kids are doing.
he tells us stories when we do not have a class.
the main reasons why i go online is b/c they have more variety and sizes.
some were talkative and others were quiet.
they make lot of delicious food on ramzan day.
this will help in every day lives to to play catch with your son or to pick something up it is very important.
soon, you would have no friends when it comes to being in the social life.
another reason computers don't have a positive effect on people is because they don't go out and enjoy nature.
we get milk mainly from cows and buffaloes.
even nature suffered from the advent of computers.
i personally don't think the books should be removed.
on the computer.
also on things like facebook someone can see everything that another is doing.
dear , computers hold exclusive inofrmation, i do not believe the have a good effect on people.
of course, its out the same as being there with the person, but its pretty close.
without this right no one would be able to express their views.
good bye to that book.
everyone should pull the plug on their computers for good and never turn them back on.
well incase you haven't 's a social networking site, helps you connect, chat and find people you are looking for.
why a laptop of course!
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
with the creation of art there is always a deeper meaning behind them.
you can also meet new people from other places and have a good relationship with them.
if you are offeneded by somethings they display there are ways that you can avoid seeing them.
the number one problem of the is obesity.
we would technacly be going back to years.
many schools are offering typing classes to try and help students.
there is entertainment for everyone.
computers allow people video chat and talk online.
i also give them gifts that i buy with my pocket money.
two hours later then they go the gym!
a lot of jobs today require you to use a computer, for example working at a bank you use computers all day!
for example, lets say there is a cancelation at your work place on the news, but you 't see it cause you were with your friend.
because of computers, talking to your faraway family is a few clicks away.
i see it more better to have offensive items such as: books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
the peahen is not for beautiful and her feathers are brown.
i'm writing this to explain why i don't think books should be censored.
(... i do at least) i'm even starting to learn another language -@caps5- with them. '
we should give alms only to the disables beggars.
in fact i don't think we could live without them.
overall i believe the computer is a valuable resource in advertion, interacting with other people and playing useful games.
surf you cant online.
i try to stay away from them beacuse you have to watch what you say all the time.
what if your exercise happened to be hiking?
instead of sitting at the computer eating potato chips, children should be outside on their bikes, or swimming, or playing sports with their friends.
not only that, but they also have exercise plans.
it is wonderful experience.
are having a hard time grading papers and tests because kids hand writting.
computers a benefit to have.
i believe that if there is something in a library that is deemed offensive by one,it is not deemed offensive by all.
the other twelve percent said that their computer or cell phone is their most important thing in life because they cannot live without it.
parents, now than ever, are concerned about how their children are raised, and are always looking to clear inappropriate things away from their lives.
it's just to hard to determine who's opinion is really, more convincing.
they be learning books but the little kids do not need to see that.
lastly, the computers much more efficient is looking yet things.
there is no way to make sure nobody is offended unless you have nothing to offend anybody at all.
these computers help the students complete research papers, typed assignments and other teacher requirement papers.
they want to do the same thing you do, so they copy you.
secondly, which everyone needs is another important thing to look into.
on the other hand, some magazines are writen about horrible events and wars, but people find entertainment in reading about these events going on in the world.
also your planing a vacation the internet can help.
which is okay if ur older but if ur really young and reading a book with sex talk in it.
“you must not lose faith in humanity.
many teachers enjoy doing activities with penpals.
i don't think there is noting wrong about spending time on a .
kids theses days can be mean with out try.
when i was young i would always want to be read to and when i continued to age i would always read.
imagine how computers have helped shape the , do you want to give this blessing up?
(@caps2) - means someone over the computer.
then; 'you have no say.'
you could try using phones but yet the long-distance fees have sky-rocketed over the past years.
everybody doesn't want there children getting into the wrong things early on, but we know it will eventually happen.
however, believe that being on a computer can negative effects to you like lack of exercise, in perspective.
not only will it be in appeling but it could be dangerous for your health after a while.
people are not getting enough exercise, .
a lot of people are very sensitive about our enviroment and how we're treating the earth.
besides swearing, adults can also think that killing someone is ok because they saw it in a movie.
as a consequence, kids start to gain body fat from sitting on a coach staring at the all day instead of exercising!
i would say this because even though books are good they use hard to find.
what's to read if you take all the books down thats offensive?
you save time and money on gas by doing so.
and that is why i think computers have a good effect on people.
we entered our compartment.
their lazyness causes obesity.
the computers a great place to make plans or to catch up with some buddies.
which makes their grade lower then if they were to start it earlyier.
people whould like to hear more soothing and relaxing music.
i think that should have the freedom to choose what to read, watch, or listen to.
censorship in general is a way to hide reality and sugar coat the struggles within life itself.
are they gong do show unispectly they might not even be home and if they show up without them knowing there out of luck.
your family and friends last longer than that.
people can read or watch whatever they want.
should books and such be removed off of the shelves if they are found offensive?
i am going to tell you what i think about the books, movies and magazines.
i had just moved to a new school and was petrified of my new surroundings.
many friendships are formed among people who have common hobbies.
there is the ongoing discussion on whether these should be available to everyone.
but how is that fair to the other group who actually do agree with that material?
it gets people thinking as to what other books are also offensive.
my sister is on the computer and she never goes outside to enjoy the nature.
and you cant do that with a computer.
one student even said "" i didn't have my laptop i would probably fail most of my classes.""
i do admit that reading books for class is somewhat annoying at times, but it will help us in the future.
they seem to go overboard or exaggerate what these updated articles are spreading across , but is it really true?
almost everything you can get stuff out of store because they have online store to mail to you.
dear local newspaper, i do agree that computers have impacted human society greatly.
i think their new slogan should be is "" we have a better learning company than anyone else.""
social networks such as and allow that.
then it would be terrible and a crisis to the people.i think that they should not do that because the people love to read listen to music and etc.
dear , i believe that computers do benefit society in a positive way.
but the people caught him.
first, computer teach hand-eye coordination and can improve reflexes and reaction time.
kid therapist says ""kid who chat, with other kids though internet like facebook, , & myspace are normaly more socialy interactive with other kids.
the computer has also made it alot easyer for kidnappers to find children and kidnapp them.
many people use websites to check the emails.
finally, those things are liabillities.
of says that ""taking spanish online helped im a lot on her class.
the statements given by the ministers, legislators and other politicians are published in the newspapers.
parents should be able to relax and rest asured that their child is safe from the filth of inmoral things
books of this sort are not only imformitive also gives the reader an open mind on how things might have been.
so i realized that i can go on the computer at the library.
everyone is different though, we have all have a different view on things and we all are unique.
also should be socializing with friend.
this article took alot of diffrent sides which is good in a way because its not just about one single topic.
yet students manage to play.
he plays a very important role.
at the computer?
lastly, you can use computer to find out about world news.
you can even do research on a computer that is why computers are good.
if someone has just been rushed to the hospital for an emergency, computers will be used to monitor that person.
secondly, email has created a fast, easy way to update people on schedule changes, ideas and even sales and specials offered by stores!
throw out you can live without .
a good thing to do is to let the studends vote and see what the what to do about taking the books off the shelves.
go run outside!
the dolled-up bride accompanied by her sister and friends arrived walking at a slow pace.
it explained, 'and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
but it teaches adults and kids new things.
for teenagers, keep it educational but be more relaxed about it.
so computers bad for society, think again and listen closely.
we also would not have the ability to do reseach for school online and running a business would be even more difficult.
second, you can make online job applications.
i know you will agree with me when i say that having computers has put a powerful effect on people it gives people an easier time in life.
set it up for only your friends to see.
many books that be found offensive are historical.
using computers provides a method of both establishing and improving hand-eye coordination from the comfort of your own household or workplace.
over six million people died becasuse just one person didn't like what they believed in.
it is also very beneficial to students because if they forget a homework assignment they can log onto and ask a classmate.""
no, they not use computers more.
as far as music and tapes go no i do not think that those types should be removed.
if things like this continue our planet will become mindless zombies will no personal opinions.
i know your probably thinking huh?
so that's my perspective on it
we go on computers for research, writing papers, or just for pure entertainment, in all these ways computers are very helpful.
best friend is , and all of his cousins live in .
although some novels not be appropriate for certain people, censorship in libraries is not they way to fix that, and it is a big mistake.
the tall trees silhouetted against the sky made a beautiful seens.
my family being immigrants from another country my family.
i hope that this letter has proves to you computers effect on our society.
computers also can provide fun games and entertain users.
some parents do not want their children to know about some of the things that are out there in the world, which is completely understandable.
why should we be more carefull of what we get at the libary?
things that aren't intendend for young children should not be censored.
after the breakfast, i go to the bus stop to catch my school bus.
in conclusion, i believe that literature should not be censored from the people.
a computer without a doubt has a positive effect on society and we as people.
you can listen to 's album.
they let us learn about far away places without us even having to leave our homes.
someone that has never been to the pyramids could easily just research the pyramids and see amazing pictures, ancient history on them, and learn so much.
i know not all people are literate but maybe visiting a library once in awhile would help them with it.
thank you for listening to what i had to say
in conclusion all of this advantage in technology benifits us greatly.
these are just come of the many fun sports.
you go and pick up the book, 's about medical marijuana.
i know that if i was having trouble with sports for a long time, i would give up!
when people try to put boundaries on what is offensive and what is not they can not .
they can either play sports or even take a walk or run.
within seconds, thousands of sources appear right before your eyes, and you didnt even have to leave your chair!
my outlook on the effect the computer has had on our society is quite positive.
they need it to make plans, save soldiers, and comunicate with other countries.
my first reason is about searching new places and meeting new people.
a child’s life is full of innocence.
then once he picks up that book and sees that its mentioned in the book it wont be that big of a shock to him or his parents.
so spam email comes.
communication is another aspect of our lives.
and you want familys to be distant because they are to pre ?
there are so many games to chosse from that you will never get borad.
dear i do agree that people should stop spending most of thier day on the computer and start to exercise more or spend time with friends and family.
i think books, movies, music, and magazines that are offensive should not be pulled from the shelfs.
if one book is being questioned about something wrong with it then shouldn't all books, music, movies, magazines, etc., be questioned?
we should hate a box the has information in it, we should be glad we have something like that in are home.
coming to it in many shapes and forms.
there is a wide variety of people that all have diffrent opinions based on their history.
if we did not have computers i would not have finfished many of my school process and homeworks.
secondly, computers have a positive affect on people because it saves people time by shopping online.
computers have a positive effect.
the last reason computers have a negative effect is that people dont communicate as well anymore with the people around them.
there are countless sites and to name a few, , , , the list goes on and on.
so as you can see that is why i say computer are very benifical be cause they give you entertainment they let you communicate and they help people so.
it is dinner time and you are hungry, but you don't want to lose too much time off of your computer.
websites like and are most commonly used.
you could buy tickets, shop, talk with friends, and have fun just by sitting on a .
then your friend said playing games.
scientist believe that it is better to go outside and socialize than to sit on a computer and watch monontenious videos.
think a head years from .
computers have all sorts of stuff to can fanicate to other people.
they see an older kid fighting and they want to try it out.
dear the editor of the citizen, has been brought to my attention from some people around that computers and technology are bad for us.
my reason why you ask.
these so called computers are causing this why, look over there.
even if the matter of the subject is offensive to some people, the books or other items should be left on the shelves.
kids have a lot of energy, and they need to do something productive, not play computer games and talk to their friends.
in an istant it will pop up on the screen.
if you want to lison to any song your going to need the song's name and something the artistes name to.
looking at a computer screen and reading is a lot different then reading a book.
ever heard of ?
my first reason why we should use computers is because it gives us information, like the weather reports, school openings, delays, and closings.
whether it's or , maybe even youtube, or just a simple e-mail, practically everyone has one.
on thing i think we all need to think about is things that have been done in the past that have had huge benifits on our country.
they also have effect they help business people stay organized.
without hand-eye coordination many more accidents would happen from carliess errors.
are they always looking for games to play?
without computers, everyday business would take about twice as long leaving less time for the fun things in life.
there have been many suicides over cyber bullying.
to view their e-mails sent from work friends, and family.
when it comes to the arugements of to do on censorship the freedom of thought pops into most minds.
he arrived in the midst of the fairies.
you might see on news how many familys have someone in the familys having weight problems.
i believe that there should be some censorship, but not too much censorship.
if you use the computer for educational purposes like games, you could really learn a lot.
she woulod always talk with email texting of instant messaging.
people once believed that the sun goes around the earth.galileo and copernicus proved that the belief was wrong.
i could not understand the reason behind it.
bulling happens everyday.
choose quickly, the fate of our society is in your hands.
instead of texting or someon try to call them.
other they being bored all the time you can play thousands of game with just a click on a mouse.
i went to see this fair with my friend last week.
so what would really happen if all the offensive materials were taken off the shelves of a public library or say a .
and were you can buy the crap to make them!
hand and eye coordination is an important thing that helps us everyday.
i slept peacefully.
it is still a piece of history and was recorded for a reason.
my last reason is because on a computer you pretty much look for anything.
a person that come in the library daily want to read that book because that is the type of books that the man likes.
no reading material should be taken off the shelf.
they would be able to read the whole thing with no problems.
when you use a computer you can read articles about the place and also get pictures and use them in a slideshow or photo story.
my parents life and my life would be very hectic if we didn't have computers.
computers said that computer help of with their hand-eye coordination.
identity and credit card theft is becoming more and more common.
one person can learn so much with a computer.
computers can even score tests.
i see many worse things on the than i read in books.
such as pog, cheatcodes, cards and other thing.
i am writing you because i am concerned with the health of the town.
we know, you can't travel the time, sometimes you can't even get to see them.
although hand-eye coordination is mainly taught through the powers of the computer.
you could use your computer.
first, they go to face book all the time.
if you buy a special camera that connects to your computer you can talk to them personaly.
he barely goes down to eat dinner and when he does he has his laptop right beside him.
so, libraries need more than one copy.
back then people used computers mostly for work.
now i use e-mail e-mail every day.
some people say computers stop people acting with family but infact facebook you can still.
what views, what prose, what beauty has been taking from us while we continue living, never having the chance to glimpse it?
dear , i believe many people spend to much time on computers.
inconclusion i am statting my opinion that the more time people spend on computers than with their own family.
it has been proven by science that social people live longer than people who never talk to anyone.
so dont take no book's off the shelf's in the libraries because stupid people wont to get mad beacause they took it offensive.
if others find it offensive, then don't reed it.
the computer make and more eficient by correcting mistakes, providing a visual and typeing.
i hope this letter persades you to believe that computers do have a positive effect on people.
don't sit here and wait educate people about the benefits of computers today.
enjoying nature is another option.
his work is full of difficulties.
people can learn by using computers because if a child is in something like animals.
and are two state that have more people that go on the computer than any others states.
when we are assigned a project we need to do research on a topic and the fastest and easier way is by computer.
last year in , it was .
so now you are sitting around the computer eating.
if there is a book that has a sex scene or talks about drugs then don't read it.
they enjoy it if you did take it off then what else would they put up?
imagine you working on a project in school.
so wat do you do?
believe it or not, you can phisically get hurt for being on the computer, to long.
on the other hand computers can be bad as in you meet people online you don't know who that person is or where they come from.
of course, try exercising when you are crammed in a car traveling , which is computers positively affect me.
not only are there websites.
kids in spent an average of hours on the computer each day, while kids spend hours each day.
everyone is intitled to their own opinion.
prince siddhartha married a very beautiful princess named yasodara.
i was reading a book called ' of ', that i had picked up in the child section.
anyone below the age of thirteen is not permitted to see a movie that is '' or '' unless accompanied by an adult (anyone or older).
and like i said before they really not bad there like a little guide to many people.
with programs like facebook, twitter, and , its possible.
many of them have to do with different religions or races that people have different opinions on.
they can also learn about all the wonderful beautiful lands that are out their waiting to be explored.
with the internet the computer provides the users with websites that enable them to talk to friends, watch videos, play games, and more.
parents should be responsible for their children staying on the computer all day and watch out what they are doing because it is dangerous.
well i the computers are takeing up people time (like children) and not letting them get their work done.
read a book, get outside and day; but stay away from die screen.
school is not only a teaching building, but also a social place.
there should not be censorship in libraries.
they help us with our vacation trips.
computers are extremly helpful with endless information.
the problem with the is that it always feels like it needs to appease these people.
we didn't talk until we got inside my house.
you can live without then very easily, and without them the world would be a better place.
the staff of the post office works day in and day out.
out of people have gotten in big trouble through the .
the first one is .
then i saw a little child playing on the flute.
it has information web sites like google or bing to look up anything you want to look up.
they are scared what do they do.
it is better than because it is faster and more than calling someone up and talking for.
but people do not use water sparingly.
but with email they would get it the second you send it.
a drama was staged.
in the end, computers are a harzardous topic, when it comes to working out, and staying in shape.
newspaper wher the reasons why i think computers can be a good thing and a bed thing.
he carries the letters in his bag.
yes computers have there are popular chatting websites , facebook, twitter, flickr.
in her arms, i felt warm and soon dozed off to sleep.
dear newspaper computers have been a great learning source and i think it's time we give them some cridit insted of worrying over them.
of birds and squirrels with his deadly catapult.
there would be no more libraries if people really wanted to start taking books off the shelf for being offensive.
plus while so much you will be prone to using in , thus you with, nothing but a bad grade.
thank you for your time, and just remember your job is done on computer too.
offendsive content shouldn't be found in the library at all.
i love the libraries nothing will ever stop me from going.
you should agree with me because everything i rote down was true and almost the best wat to get pictures or any information.
oliver is a good athlete too.
now you don't have to worry about making mistakes on a typewriters and having to type it again.
last, they even have the ability to locate missing people.
picture this a child has a question that she wants answered, but she is embarrased to ask her parents.
sohan lal is about twenty-six years old.
also there are blogging websites where people can debate on information or get questions answired by real people who know a lot about the topic.
you could live in and email someone in .
his just a fantasy for people to escape thier meaningless lives.
they are entertaining, keeps in contact, and helpful with homework.
i went to find my brother i left when i do it my mother's house"" cried the woman.
but not everyone agrees that this benefit society.
of course, computers don't fit in your pocket, but there's always a laptop.
our founding fathers creating amendments for the people.
they cleared away the crowd.
i though it was ridiculous because it was only a movie, and it was harmless.
computers do benefit sociaty lets take for example he says that of kids believe that computers have helped them in their own way.
more of this opplies to and still all go outside and enjoy life.
no matter how you try to keep your kids away from finding or seeing offensive stuff there is always a way for them to see it.
being on the for a while is not a waste of time.
have you ever had trouble with hand-eye coordination?
this is really bad because you were on the computer.
do we really want our children looking at half-nude people or the murder of innocent people just because of their skin color?
first of all, more and more kids are using computers way more often than they should.
there are certain websights that give online lessons.
in conclusion, computers can cause a bad influence due to viruses, too much time on it, and not doing other things.
movies can teach a lot about different countries, and books do a wonderful job as well.
there might be a certain speed that a person types and to pass the class, and the teacher could assign practice on your own home computer.
more people each year make facebook and .
in india, people are very careless about punctuality.
you would be thrilled to be able to talk with them again.
i hope i made you all realize what a computer is really for.
books, newspapers tell the truth about a subject.
instead of online shopping, go shopping with your friends.
settle for anything less for our childrens' education?
i think that a library should be just books because that what they are made for.
the advantage in technology has provided many new ways for family and i to communicate with each other.
for example, what if you came from another country.
isn't computers just swell?
i strongly agree that we should have only two hours of the computer each night or have no computers at all.
it's possible for computers to give out your information to other people so, we really need to watch out.
his parents were kind suddhodana and queen mahamaya.
there are so many thing that you would be missing out on.
because of this, people are getting less exersice, they are not spending enough time outdoors and the dont spend as much time with their family and friends.
if people don't become aware of the consiquences, who knows where our world is heading?
there was a hurricane and the power like birthdays and weddings your computer has a calendar on it that tells you wherever you write something on it.
after all that happens, people just accuse the librarians to they got these books, movies, and music that's just bad for a young kid.
such as if we watch the news and there's something depressing, it kind of makes you in a bad mood , or sad or depressed.
is very important to our sociotey.
when you start to remove books from libraries you are taking away the chance for a student to learn a certain moral from that book.
you could also play outside and shoot hoops or ride your bike.
as long as oyu have a internet connection you can stay in touch with a friend thats moved aparent on a buisness trip, anyone!
but some people like to read about murders an gangs selling drugs and thats fine.
as it destroys the rants almost all the housewives love the cat.
taking books out of the libraries will not change anything.
lets say one of your printers break down so you call someone to come fix it.
like in katherine paterson's ' all of us can think of a book we hope none of our children or any children have taken off the shelf.
wants to go on the computer that day and throws a ten turn the parent should take the computer away for the next and so on and so on.
more than of people email, , or videochat on a daily baes.
the school building was white was whitewashed.
i'm very grateful for the computer in my house because i use everyday for those purposes, and so does everyone else in my family.
people have already created touch-screen computers and computers will grow even more!
there are so many different sides to this computer problem, well it's simple computers ruin our lives.
children should read books that meet their age group.
but i think it is one of the most addicting, time consuming inventions in todays society.
for young children, i think that parents should just read the book first and judge whether or not they think they're child should read it.
where would be without computers to find information rapidly?
flash macromedia is the best though.
in addition to learning about new things the internet allows you to friends.
as technology advances so does our skills.
we need the computer for everything if i were to ask my dad what the square root of pie is he would tell me google it.
i can't help it.
but the only way i get to interact with her is on facebook.
there is no doubt that electronics, play a huge role in this event.
first, i think books that contain violence should be removed.
there are many books over these topics that many people find offensive or just completely oblivious.
every student gets a take home project at social point in the time of running out to the store to buy paper and pencils.
the entertainment for children and adults consists of movies, music, sports, video games, and reading.
dear newspaper, computers!
the internet makes that research very easy, as you access to any time!
some of my friends to have started enjoying a reading book as much as i do.
i remember making a with my best friend back when we were in grade.
it helps when your friends make you laugh and talk to you about leaving everything alone and breath.
therefore computers need to be used a lot.
you have to get over it .
i think that computer is a waste of time and is an excuse for you to not spend time with you family as to go outside and enjoy nature.
no i do not belive that certain materials should be removed.
in some of the reading material, one might not even realize that some inappropriate things are in it.
well you can thank and global warming for that.
you can not go on camping trip.
lastly, computers have had negative effect on society because of money.
computers are useful to our daily life but at the same time we also need to realize that we need to sometimes take a break from our computers.
whether it is writing a resume, a science report, or a spreadsheet, none of these are ever seen nowadays done by hand.
to this day i have not lost the weight i put on from using the computer, and i am sure others are to.
but if nobody is stepping on your toes, and getting under your skin you wont ever change.
have you ever played a game of baseball where you just can't seem to just hit the ball?
trees help to prevent drought and floods.
so, as you can see there are many important positive effects that computers have on people.
with the obesity rate rising no one wants to be unable to do regular activitys.
this makes it so much simplier to get a lot of information and not have to run around getting books and talking to people who know the subject.
would you want to end up like one of those people, that are in a camp because they are on the computer to much.
but i started using my book and started to some of the work on the computer.
my first reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is bacause they are spenfing more time on them then exercising.
after one month of being a member, she was failing of her classes, and her mom took her computer priveleges away.
doing some sort of sport has another advantage.
and it more people are outside will notice how nature is and says that use of the electricity in a house.
i think if someone dose'nt like whats in the book they should just not read it or something, because some people might find it interesting.
some people do not have the money to buy books, or internet, so these people rely on public libraries.
so in conclusion you can see that computers are good but with self control they can be enjoyed with no bad side effects.
you save green and are green!
i give her milk every day.
a home computer can save you time when you want to research a country, person, or culture.
because of computers kids don't exercise.
some parents censor what their kids read and watch,and some do not.
people use the everyday to get information on their favorite sports teams or on a new recipe they saw on television.
the effects computers have on kids and adults are astonishing.
for example, most kids are followed by and its usually online.
i think computers are better than books and dictionary because you can do all that stuff on a computer.
to begin with, studies have shown that people simply dont learn as much about their peers by talking to them through a box.
in todays generation everyone has their own opinon on censorship.
if this did not convince you that that a computer is a great piece of technology, then your crazy.
primarily, i would like to say that computer are a fantastic source of information.
blessed are those who have good neighbors.
dr a health magazine that the people that dont use computers arent very.
how cool would that be?
research done by found out that of kids with computer are smarter than before they had thier computers.
some people sit at home and read to become smarter, right?
but people would kill for these games.
sorry didn't get to finish paragraph & conlusion.
do they let everybody read it once?
thats why i think that computers have positive effects on our society.
and i truly believe that this content students read in schools and libraries across has something to do with it all.
if you want to go to college but you have no time you can take classes online.
one reason why it is important is because you need to enjoy what life has to offer.
in some countries, people distill seawater and get fresh water.
it's hard to keep in touch on the phone when that happens.
these have been many advancements on computer technology and there are people who are for it and there are people who are against it.
i do research everytime i get a random question jammed in my head.
one of the most common but overlooked examples is the what the loved ones of people who die serving our country go through.
when surveyed, of people agreed that they talk to relatives from other places on the computer.
keep on reading so i could tell you all about my three reasons.
i asked my friend what thought of those things and said ""they are great interacting websites.""
ever since computers were invented people haven't been exercising.
we see these colours in a rainbow.
my initial reason why i agree is because most kids never spend time with their families.
thats why e-mail is the absolute safest way to chat online if your were to have a computer.
but so you need to go grociery shopping.
in conclusion computers have a positive effect on people because its helps people learn about cultures, places, and jobs around them.
bullys and other people like street people that have computers should stay on the computer and you can just play games.
later, this food returns to the camel’s mouth and the camel chews it again.
censorship should not occur in libraries for several reasons.
parents would be less concerned about their childs safety and health if kids only used computers for homework, and were safe about who they talk to online.
but are they getting used to much?
computer usage has its ups and downs,but my point is safety, health, and education, one the main issues we face because of modern technology.
it's to much cursing and violent.
if you have a close friend who moved across the country, then these ways to communicate would be very helpful to you!
if a child read something about sex, he or she might be curious or confused, and ask their parents about it.
second, i feel that if the people that find it offensive would just ignore it then it wouldn't be a problem.
thats my reasons that the computer is good for communicating.
now we have , , and others.
it helps teaches to get a lesson or line to teach or they will put you on line to help you with your typeing.
there are a number of windows in the post office.
should be aloud to stay on the shelves of stores and libraries.
pornography in a library is like haveing strippers in school, it is just not ethical.
i believe this means that the internet and the web don't beat books or history.
without even leaving your house.
fifty-six percent said they foud out their news from computers.
like what kind of clothes they wore, food they ate, place the, lived in.
they are extremely dangerous for our health.
in this book, , the main character and eventually the protagonist, a firefighter that cause fires instead of putting them out.
people do this to engoy then selfs.
the people who wait for trains talk, joke or read papers to
dear , the world forty years ago.
kids would learn about sex and drugs in school, and have a safe environment to answer their questions if they have any.
if there is something offinsive that is open to anyone, hopefully one day librarys will elimanate them.
now i talk to him all the time.
even smaller number buys a ticket to watch a game.
tere is video-chatting, e-mail and chat websites such as , , etc.
sometimes people save money because they buy something online a sale than going to a store and paying anymore money.
these are the type of health problems that are faced because of lack of exersice and too much computer time.
please proceed on reading to see as why i chose these resons.
well because of computers forgetful students can talk to a classmate online and get the homework and do it.
and that's bad for your back, so then schools came out with the books online.
you lose your whole day to it, and wouldn't you rather be doing something more fun?
there are many website that can help a student to use for help in any subject.
i dont know why some people have so many problems with certian things.
this is an important skill because it allows you to suceed in life such as having to write.
emails, researching, questions on the world around us.
whether that means faster internet better, researching book or more websites, a computer has it all.
what do you think
but i do suggest that everyone should have a computer, they are helpful and fun.
all you have to is type in the adresss where your starting from and then the adress where your going to.
we need to know what is happening and what is happening with other people in our lives.
some beggars are disabled.
for instance, i was mortified hearing that the first time.
you are sort of in a way trying to hide away reality when taking away certain books.
this is very easy and this way you can stay close to them.
don't stunt our community's workers, give them what they need computers!
in , are obese or overweighted.
if they're even on to hours a day they'll gain pounds every month.
when i was six years old we a driving game.
one specific type of person does not go to the library.
this is not the truth, and it should not be in our libraries!
and to that i agree entirely.
many think to much time is spent on this, but then i think about how much it's benefiting.
i think that it is a person's own personal decision dealing with which library they go to.
all they need to do is put on some fun music and start dancing around, that will get them the excercise they need for the .
you can run a business online and avoid the hastle of manting a your own space or building to run your business can be quite expensive and time-consuming.
censorship in libraries takes away from individual freedom every day.
to have fun for example .com, , and .com those are the three main ones i go on they are so fun.
now i can advance to the next reason.
why do we need them now and it dident existed before?
if they are exercising who if i am here on the computer.
also, computers are used for many things.
on the seventh day, i could ride the bicycle all by myself.
dear local newspaper, on a beautiful sunny day, people inside on their computers instead of enjoying the weather.
many people don't excerise for only min.
when you use or computer, you have the ability to do virtualy anything.
have you ever felt alone, but theres no one to talk to?
there are millions of chat sites in which people can meet and.
first of all, computers allow people to meet and interact with other people.
i mean how wuld you fel if you couldnt share that with your kids?
a morning walk is a very good exercise.
i recall having a party for my baby brother's baptism, everyone came.
first, computers help out with traveling, sight seeing and lots more.
because you are not doing nothing, just sitting in a chair in the computer getting fat.
parents should not have computers at home unless they will use it but it needs to be at their room where children can't use it.
in , there are many rap/hip-hop artists.
all students use the computer daily to video chat with friends or instant message parents!
it can be used for personal use, such as for talking to friends.
should not be removed if they are found offensive.
bad characters create a lot of trouble for all of us.
and are many ways to chat with people like over the phone on a cell phone.
now some people might say that you can read a book on that country, but not everyone has time to sit and read a book.
they cost a lot of money.
reading is overall good for mental and social health because it allows us to explore things deep inside of us that are often rendered useless in our fast-paced world.
the people who are of proper age will be able to get the material, however.
the human race has survived over hundreds of years without computers and we can survive hundreds more.
dr. at says that of 's frustration & anger is caused by non-working computers.
there are many ways you can do this on , , twitter, yahoo.
it's to get students to have a good background of the computer.
what i'm trying to say is have censorship in the library, but at a very low standard.
say i was curiouse about the recent earthquake in , if i wanted more inofrmartion head straight to the computer.
there is a lot of people in college now and mostly all of them have computers.
children today are growing up a lot faster then we want them to, but sometimes we can not stop that.
so just because i agree with everything i said , are you going to agree with it also?
but every so often, you have someone that abuses their rights to something.
you don't always have to chat online.
you can even find out how much an average family pays - every year.
you thought that way, you thought wrong!
the definition of library is a place where people can read and check out books from library and return them when they please.
i'm go to in .
if you can use your eyes and your hands at a you can hit a baseball or even.
one problem it could cause is people thoughts towards a book, movie, cd and so forth.
it is always good to be able to contact anyone who is wanted.
there are a bunch of games, to play, or videos to watch.
peole spend less time interacting with friends and family and enjoying nature.
it distracts people from their life.
doesnt effect him as much as her.
those are the resons why i think the computer is bad to sit infront of all day.
computers have a positive effect on people.
every now and then you come across a book that changes your life.
in closing, overusing your computer can cause health problems, put your safety at risk, and hurt your education.
there is no reason to have a whole community ignore an authors work just because a large group of people do not agree with what it says.
what if you are in germany and you are hungry, oh no!
they go on to say how they didn't have violent video games teaching children that killing is alright.
fresh air is very important for plants and animals too.
if there is something that a parent has laying around the house that the child has never seen before that child will immediately wonder what this material is.
i believe that in a few years from now more and more people will do business with computers and more stores will sell online only.
this pretty much takes up a lot of time, so families can't spend time with one another.
after a week of this game.
if you go on the internet you can find many pictures of any thing you want.
the computer holds a lot of valuble information.
i say influence, because studies and personal views have shown that teens and even young children are often influenced by explicit views portrayed by media.
i do because you can talk to people online, it allows you to get research done quicker, and computers are more efficent and easy to use.
they prepare various kind of delicious food using my coconut milk.
kids really should learn to balance tecknology and the more important things in life like protecting nature and exercising.
this will help them play games, learn, or even help people when they are in need.
library's that are just public library's are totally diffrent and should be able to have any movies and any books.
we learn information about the world and about what is going on.
typing on a computer give the great hand and eye cordination.
i believe if there is something offensive in a movie, magazine, books, or anything to any kind of people it should be removed for good.
every bookshelf should be arranged by age difference and spread apart from the other books and or bookshelfs.
well computers arn't just fun and games.
for example, i a book about a teenage girl engaging in sexual relations, she became pregnant and it ruined her life.
the next day i passed my test.
in my last paragraph didnt i say that hanging out with friends is much more healthier then being?
to whomever this concern, , almost everyone has them.
in conclution i think computers have helped out society out very well!!
we never feel alone in the company of books.
if music is what you are instersed in then why would we take it off the shelves.
when the part we live faces the sun, it is daytime for us.
i think that you should have a positive way on computers too.
most sites don't even alert you that by how you need to be or older to view the content, and very little acctually ask for proof.
if you need info.
maybe this person could make a friend, and one day meet them in real life.
social life , you could have with all the people you are also will them.
"a kid that uses the computer during all of the free time spends less time with friends than someone who usues it in moderation.
dear local newspaper, have you ever noticed how a lot of people are always on their laptop or their computer?
the higher the rating, the more explecit such movie is.
, and are all doing verry well in this economic slumps, while sporting goods, books and exersise equipment are doing the right.
even though i find this offensive and sterotypical, instead of demanding it be removed, i simply don't watch it.
my next example why libraries should not remove items off the shelf is it might offensed someone but not to others.
i shall take a personal interest in the future of my students.
studies shown that of people prefer using a computer to find information for any type of paper than an enclyepdia or other book.
maybe people know what they are doing and have to stay on computers for a long time.
all of these libraries, however, have certain reasons to have these books.
this is needed, especially in school.
any way children become more social.
she has four kittens.
i think that people don't spend a lot of time on the computer.
as an author you provide a book to the public, if it gets that far.
a doctor is an important person.
when you are driving you need to be able to look up and still be able to steer the car.
a person probably isnt looking for somthing offensive.
although some materials that people need to research at the library be considered inapproproate for certain audiences, it still serves as a useful resource for others.
hopefully it's recent.
many people had come to see off their relatives and friends.
for adults they use it for work.
youi can catch up with each other, recall good times you've had, end maybe make plans to meet each other sometime.
and much, much more.
because some of the things are very mean in books and movies.
now, no one should be doubting the benefits of a computer.
second, everyones opinion is different.
if you have a webcam you can talk to eachother on the computer and see if she is being sarcastic or not.
finly you can get caught macking movies on your computer and go to jail and your business will be out.
computers benefit society because we can learn about places we want to go.
a computers just have life that much simpiler!.
it is all about the audience who reads that certain book if it is appropriate or not to the person reading it.
an example of some offensive music is the ' ' music, meaning the music with all types of different profanity.
in fact, a study done by the board of ed.
those reasons are that because of them noboby goes out, people; especially students loose penmanship skills, and people loose their desire to do normal everyday things.
can you believe that this tiny piece of technology is influencing our everyday life?
authors and artists of books, movies, and music have the freedom to put into them whatever they choose.
help me tell others how computers cause a negative effect on others.
libraries have tons...of books, cd's, movies, and magazines for people to read.
you work out your arms & your legs!
the weight that you put on you know just doesn't burn off by themselves.
email allows you to do the same as text, but you can write longer messages.
some people write books and songs to express themselves or make money.
everyone has their own opinion on censorship in libraries.i think that what libraries choose to put on their shelves should not be censored.
in all fairness, is an educational novel about how times were in the day of and .
well you can!
without computers we would probably be really bored for the rest of our lives.
if everyone removed things from life that they didn't enjoy, then there would be very little to enjoy.
they don't get off too.
they wouldn't.
thus it shouldnt be taken away from that person if he/she enjoys listening to it.
first reason is hand-eye coordination.
websites like , or , or , are scary when it comes to privacy.
all you have to do is search it on your computer!
this way of communication prevents children from learning valuable social skills which come with conversing face to face.
my mom told me a story that she met my dad because he fixed her computer at her job.
dear local : i'm sitting at the couch thinking about what i should do for vacation.
i hate money-mindedness also.
this will one move slowly away from you, all over a computer you will start to lose the people most important to you.
this is because you need to mantain a healthy diet to stay healthy and you need to excersise.
it's call power school.
a computer is a non active activity, so if you do use it you get no exersise.
you must have access to a computer in my opinion, in order to thrive in life.
educating a child is carving thoughts and feelings in his mind.
many books, movies, and magazines are not ment to offend people, but just to let the reader know how the author feels.
have a question that you have to ask a friend, but someone else is using the phone?
honstley we can't control how people make movies or what singers are saying in songs but we can control who listens to them and watches them.
they did not go to study then, and confined themselves to house duties.
you can interact with family and friends, recieve a lot of help for school work and meet a lot of new people.
computers are really great sources for whatever you trying to do.
basically, i do not believe in ''.
my father got up, and started calling me.
one of my friends is really bad at getting what she wants.
antoher fantastic thing to use on a computer is social connections such as myspace, facebooks, or skype.
if someone has no interest in reading a book because of the thoughts maintained inside of the text; the book must be stripped from the public.
if the people of our world are denied the right to write a book on their opinion then what kind of world do we live in?
a computer grabs attention to a lot of teenager.
the computers also lets people talk online with other people.
i was wandering.
thats not the things kids should be finding in stores, its not nessacary.
computers do benefit society because they are fun, a source of communication, good for schooling and education, and for work.
another reason is that if you dont want your child or a looking at the books or ect.
computers are benefitial to society because without computers, our lives would be much more complicated.
that without computers it will be different.
there is no question that computers have made searching for information easier and faster, which is exactly why we need them in our everyday lives.
it's quicker and a lot more productive.
i think no item should be removed from the library because many people are interested in many things.
people also use computers for home work online.
the chief guest arrived on time.
it's just one click away from every thing we need.
wondering what is the best way to get somewhere?
another example i could use is my mom she talks to her family in and in other places too.
even though i'm on the computer i still do things like talk to my family, i play basketball, and i chill with my homies.
lets move on to a bigger idea.
computers protects you and help you grow.
first, they don't allow people to be active and go outside.
you can find your favorite song for your cellphone.
lastly, computers give us the ability to play games and browse the internet freely.
my mother’s name is anita.
computers are a nessessity of life if soceity wishes to grow and expand.
the invention computers has made it easier to catch up with family!
to conclude, censorship be a disrespect to individuality, personal beliefs, and the overall joy of reading a good book.
dear newspaper , i am writing this letter on behalf of all the busy people in our country.
firstly, my first reason for saying that computers have not benefited society is you can get cyberbullied.
sports, , just a true story that has happen to someone, an etc.
a computer can not only do mental things to affect you also physical like coordination.
if you want to achieve a goal you can mange that!!
more and more people are putting down their dictionary to type the word into , where it is accompanied by a pronunciation and found more easily.
also, some jobs can only be done while online or using a computer.
twice i found myself in very uncomfortable position.
most parents want their children to stay as innocent as possible for as long as possible and i can respect this idea.
the library is meant to have almost any book someone could think of.
starting at a young age.
so then they'll get firm one can't pay bills, loans, and mortage.
dear newspaper, computers benefit society because they teach people.
everyone has his likings and disliking.
so technacally it's preparing you for life.
spending time with family and friends is a fun way to stay off the computer.
spending too much time on the computer is a bad thing would you want to spend too much time on the computer even ater hearing the cons of it?
they were not cared for, and the doctors there had no medicine and instruments.
what about a doctor, you would want to know how many years of college and med school are required to get your medical degree.
the number homes that own computers and they rate each home owns!
in my point of view, i strongly agree that there is no right to argue about what should or should not be removed in the libraries.
here lies the problem.
and a lot has to do with the kidnapping.
public libraries are marked as safe places for children and adults to go to if they feel thretened or endangered.
with computers you can efficently complete work and learn new skills!
my second reason of why computers are a negative effects on kids is that it can harm your grades!
in my opinion, no.
offensive books do belong in the library, just in a completely different area, away from the children.
if we removed cerain items from the library people would get mad.
games make us disciplined in thinking and in actions.
if you do that its not only more fun, healthier for you.
so you get the right information that's an easy a+ for you.
i missed out on alot of activities with my friends and family because i was so busy online.
we cannot get rid of offensive books for the sake of the world's past.
they can provide a way to contact others.
if people could take video games away because they didn't agree with them, i would be crushed.
in conclusion, as you can probally see i am really not a fan of the computer.
music they play on the radio is censored of all the foul language, so they make an effort.
finally, say someone wants to learn about for fun: they type in look at all the websites, choose the best one, and start reading.
my neighbor is the size of a killer whale and eats just about as much as .
now, more than ever people are becoming very obese.
anything that is negative to a person or group of people shouldn't be allowed and should be thrown away.
when they dont talk as much with their friends, these sicknesses are more prone to occur.
it has been amazing how computers help us so much.
all the computer deos is mess up your brain so you do not exersise.
he ask 'but sissy what is that?'
its so simple!
also if one day you forgot your homwork or any assignments just ask a friend online of if you have a school website look on it.
have you ever sat there on the computer for a long time?
eventually you or not get diabetes from being obese, but most of the time you do.
so next time you feel like spending another hours on the computer, take a walk and i'm sure you will be amazed at what you find outdoors.
there are even systems now that let you say something and will appear on the screen.
the entire lunch period, we sat talking.
being on the computer insteads of exercising has had a huge effect on people.
i went to the neighbour’s house to play with his children.
first, computers has its benefits to society because it can teach or give you the social skills you need.
also if you have family in a faraway place you will be able to look online and see what is happening there.
what would are lives be without them?
strategy come in handy, surely you now see that some games are very educational.
my last reason that being on the computer too long is bad for you is because it could effect your education.
a computer has made the life of a school student so much easier.
you should have an idea of what your picking up.
furthermore, computers are great for all kinds of research and directions.
thank you again for listening.
also, you could continue a conversation you had with a friend.
this essay make no difference but it has said what needed to be said and thus served it's purpose.
when you need information on the line.
do you have any idea how much it would cost to even try to retrieve this data?
many children aren't even going outside and seeing nature and playing.
for instance, my grandpa loves all type of music and his life revolves aroud music.
my first reason is that, computers allow people to stay in touch.
last but not least, watching tv take a lot of time and it makes us lazy.
another common health problem that developes from excessive use the computer is arthrietis.
that dissnes proposle can be done quickly and easily with computers.
an instant message, which can be used on any of the sites mentioned can also be achieved.
yes i do agree that some novels are not age apropriate for young children, but that does'nt mean that they should be removed.
if i need to know what our homework is or when practic is i use my computer to ask someone for the answer.
's not the only one who agrees that computers are a big help.
this means that your motabolism isn't going and you burn less calories.
something like this has ever happened tp you it's because your your eyes to at the computers screen all day.
exercising is much more better than being on a computer, and i say that to say this.
using computers can help enrich peoples minds.
he said she would need cataraks eye surgery.
it can help people drives it decreases reaction time and it can help people write more neatly.
to hear pain in a person's voice will make you want to cry.
another great aspect of online communicating is long friendships can be created.
the toothpaste, the baseball bats the pencils you we are all made by, the yoou know what!
is an amazing tool.
the car hit the cyclist while taking a turn.
my six hundred dollar computer crashed!
not you have to meet them in person you could just have a friendly consversation online.
that's big money there.
we all have things we do and don't like that we cannot do anything about.
our school's curriculum has many projects and reports.
the computer is a good way to contact family and friend.
magazines are like books in away.
you can google anything you want from when the ended to when the collapsed in .
using computers can help us find coordibates, locations, and able ourselfs to millions of information.
he not only made the thing but also strove for perfection.
i do not like serious-natured people.
we already have a high teen vielence rate.
also, everyone has different ideas or expectations on if books,music,movies,magazines, and so on are apropreate.
take away computers and people will die alone and sad.
computers take away peoples' free time and can negatively impact their grades and fitness.
in conclusion, computers do not help us.
they are not guidlines that can be looked over, they are rules set in stone for great country.
as a result, the british have to give freedom to india.
you must that you need exercize too.
that is not to say that newscasters should curse everytime they are on television.
it also came to my attention that magazines arn't the only form of crude murchandise on the selves of our local libraries.
do children need to be protected for some things?
each is given one to use of books, "" is so much easier"" said one student.
you can play games with people.
so people like you and me can enjoy good stories in books and read informing magazines ad listen to good music
it also helps us comunicate with friends and family.
techknowlogy has advanced so much that we don't see the world in prospective like take a cell phone for example what do you see mostly likly a phone.
but do not censor everything so that people who do enjoy these materials can no longer easily access them
our average being would in at how does becaus of the that computers have given us.
computers are not family there are not going to make you exercise there going to make you lazy.
do you find some items offensive and want libraries to remove them?
also the lighting from the computer is very hurtful to your eyes.
a good way to lessen the obese population, is to get them out of that comouter chair.
there be people out there that probably disargree's with me, its just my oponion.
they both are search engines.
i think that the people who think these kinds of things are offensive should just stay away from these things and stop complaining.
her name is bunny.
the man who cultivates crops is a farmer.
next she ways to make chicken fried rice,out she wnet know how, she can look up the recipe online.
they go on to say.
there he shed his royal robes, cut his hair and become a monk.
it is a great thing to have some people say but others think it is a hazard to health.
my cousin and my aunt math live in and i hadn't met then until the , when they came down.
i hope that you and i see eye to eye in this matter, advancing computers are our friends not the enemy.
so you imagine a world controlled by computers?
in the newspapers there might be little comics or gags that would probably be more offensive than anything in the newspapers.
so friends, save trees by not cutting them and make them happy.
thank you for letter, and i will an article relative to this subject.
why, because it was written back when slavery was legl and slaves were treated as property not people.
this makes television seem obsolete as well.
computers can even help connect family members who live long distances from each other.
dear , name is .
spending too much time on the computer can also damage you social relationship with your family.
i belive this for reasons.
like that's how i met trees, animals, beautiful senery.
emailing is quick and easy to tell others what you want to say.
plays on another intraction game and told this stranger lives in field and goes to .
you can also find interesting pictures on what you're learning about.
computers provide education, and stay in contact with friends and family i'm sure our world greatly benifits from this mericle.
i steared clear of the 'grown-up' area.
the answer to solving this problem to me is black and white, children should just not pick up those types of materials end of case
he was the first president of the .
this leads into eating unhealthy foods.
information can be found instantly.
in all, i believe that everybody should have the ability acquire whatever material they want from a library.
and the best part is that you don't have to keep looking at the and program stuff.
as you can see games, learning and talking are easier to do on the computer.
there is something in each that strikes a spontaneous appreciation.
knowledge is all around us.
secondly, there are many coll websites you can join.
on the computer, you can chat with people from anywhere.
i hope everyone agrees thet computer aren't beneficial to people.
when using your computer you could be working out or exercising, and this causes obesity.
computer make things a lot easier for us!
and don't need computer don't need computers are lost on and don't know where are get , not need to look for something use ipods.
thus, they disturb the class.
this is how the computer benifits our society.
dear newspaper, are worried that people are on the computer way to much and don't spend enough time outside enjoying nature or exercising.
there is a wide variety of entertainment on your computer.
movies for example, are all rated, and this therfore gives the viewer the choice of what level of movie they would like to watch.
no it is not easy to get over ,but these things will make you stronger.
computers are one of the best advances in technology ever made.
i recently signed up for facebook and i am able to talk to friends instead of using mytexts and running over the phone bill every mont.
the computer and the world-wide-web is useful in several other ways too.
i talk to cansen all the time not reuily a little and he live in colombia.
, technology continues to become more and more enhanced so has the percentage of americans who use computers.
what i really want to write about is the computer.
i believe that books should have racism in it because it shows how much we have changed from the past
all of these things can help you in a way
, undoubtedly many educational opportunities woulf be lost for your childred you were to stop using computers!
people will take maps for a while and not want to go back to sleep and you wont have nothing else to do for the rest of the day.
i hope you read this with my regards.
they can be posted by anyone, whether it's true or not.
the adults use computers for there work ability and in schools.
with programs like this, essays and flyers are extremly easy to make.
you can have fun with computers.
as i said when i saw the movi white men cant jump.
and it beats playing on the computer all the time.
more importantly, you shouldn't go on the computer because you are better off.
to the past computers have caused problems with the human body.
they given us ability to learn!
not only can computers tell people about interesting places, but interesting people.
by shopping online, you skip the long lines at retail stores which means less time walking to get your product.
from a simple game of solitare to an advanced level of shift, games for any age and difficulty level can be found.
you cannot reword whats been written.
this how organize my ideas.
also information for homework or for work and jobs.
which is unneccessary.
there he works for the whole day.
well you can shop online.
more kids are spending time on the computer than sitting down eating a family meal together and expreriensing what a family should talk about.
read on to find interesting details about computers and their positive effect.
also most younger kids that go there are always with an adult.
we wouldn't be able to do anything.""
i like to play with my kitty.i love her very much.
you shoudn't spend alot of time on the computer it will just wash away your brain.
when on the internet, kids are capable of accessing anything and everything.
some racism gets to be very bad in the book and it could intrest and provoke the young viewer to go down that road in a later life.
the water was taken out of the man’s belly.
when purchasing items online, you never really know what your going to get.
my first hobby is gardening.
it's nearly impossible to find a male or female who agree' with you , unless there pretending to be something there not.
computers are a big part of the working society today.
i think the use of computers is very good things in the present day .
as the obesity rate is rising, these people are just sitting on their computors watching it go up.
life for our children should be about fun, knowledge, and life experience; but not everything that is on the shelves of our local library.
with good time management i actually find these websites important.
for example if you are going to a job interview most will ask how meny words a minuet can you type you need to be proficant.
also it mite help some crime to stop to.
computers helps every one in all ages.
its also takes you away from family and friends.
in real-life situations you only have a few seconds to react.
we need to stop the problems and turn off the computers.
how would it change things if those movies, 's, or games had been removed from the shelves before you had the chance to get to them?
their are many dating sites such as, that connect people losing that internet.
a house in the next street was on fire.
computers keep your divorce could have from computer.
you can type papers and assignments so they're more ledgible.
it is imperative that you decide whether you are for this remarkable pece of technology or against it.
i believe the library should be a place of learning and freedom, but the learning should be something age appropiate.
i think this because it's parent's responsibilities to keep track of what their children read, watch, or listen to.
therefore, there should be a wide variety of these things on the shelfs so people can do what they enjoy best.
also computers let other kids interact with each other like facebook, or .
however, the cycle is a good source of the body.
in adition everyone needs fresh air, right?
these materials people find offensive have no reason to be banned.
second opinion is we wouldn't be able to type important paper's.
and you can also look up places like , or if you need to find out where a place is use .
it dose not really mater to me, we all have the wright to are one likes and dislikes.
you can also teach hand-eye coordination becase it involves using your fingers and eyes to see what you are typing.
lastly, they save us money.
in conclusion i think people should spend more time exercising, hanging out with family and friends and reading instead of being on computers.
people can always have an e-mail for business and friends.
now that i am allowed to watch whatever my heart desires, i've noticed that movies are based on maturity levels.
i do not think it would be fair for just one person to be able to have the right to do that.
it will be hurting are environment because people don't want to get up to enjoy nature.
dear local newspaper, have you ever thought about how computers effect human beings?
of agree that they would never travel if it werent for computers it is a fact that people use the internet to learn about other countries for educational purposes.
so why would they even try to bother getting away with being offensive to people.
lastly the computer can save lives.
another reason why i think that computers have a bad effect on their users is that constant computer use has resulted in a lack of excersise for many people.
i remember when my friend would go home change eat and log right inside the computer.
instead of sending d letter to someone to invite them to the you could just email them.
if one book is discriminating against another indivual is this right?
's not more normal than telling your kids that they were a mistake.
it helps you with your hand-eye coordination.
computers are bad for the people of the world, they take our money, our health and the minds of our children.
of course not!
if workers in buesness were to need to use computers to file, type, and design clothes and games.
do you think computers effect people's society?
although some computers be fairly easy to use companies are constantly trying to increase the difficulty of computers.
sending a instant message, or e-mail are two ways of course.
there are many ways to do it on tha fabulous computer.
moving on to the next topic.
my reason for thinking that is simply because its a library, and libraries are developed for many peole types of intrest in books.
some people are just stubborn.
to explain the offensive, and the none offensive books that are out there.
then that leeds to feelings horrible in the , you do it it is going to have a bad effect on your body.
the internet is filled with websites made to benefit our , one being ; .
computers have a positive effect on people.
i have a friend that moved to last year.
many people might say we could all just write it out.
my dad always says ""you kids got it easy.
these things should be disposed of so our minds will be clean and the minds of future generations will be clean also.
on the library shelves it contains books, music, movies, and magazines.
but in this ec onomy we can't always afford to visit them whenever.
some might say, ' means that the people of will be much more green!'
so what do you do?
it doesn't seem like a lot but of our population is not outside to recieve it.
please heed my advice and use the internet and computer.
lastly, video chatting is a new improved way to see a live video of the other person.
if something is offensive to someone then that person doesnt need to look at that material.
i know i have, and sometimes there is no stopping them from seeing or reading those books/movies.
some students make the best use of this period.
if you have a friend or relative that lives very far away, you can easily go at talk and have a video conference.
the teacher’s table stands on a platform.
computers teach hand eye cordination when typing and eventually you get so good you dont ever have to look down at the keyboard.
who want to go through the trouble of loaning books from the library, when the internet is there for your use any time?
equally important, using computers will allow a wider selection of jobs.
it is filled with knowledge, it's like the brain of scientists and mathematicans put together.
taking offensive books out of the library will not stop people from reading them, but this will decline the library usage, and people will slowly stop reading.
you can do this by learning new information you haven't learned before.
this shows that almost half of the students at just the middle school are on the computer.
i remember when she moved to .
some books are really emotional and can trigger a persons emotions.
for example me i got adicted when i had a computer but not i'm not we got rid of ours and now i just play with my sisters.
this is a good idea for all of us.
nature is all around us but most people don't noice because their on the computers.
they do not have limbs.
i remember a time when i was over weight be cause i spent to much time on the computar.
there be a book that someone really wants to read, and they cannot get it in their school's library.
a lot of the libraries have these things speard around all over the store.
imagine all the places you could go just by getting a map online!
first of all computers have caused to not exercise and become unhealthy.
memories would be when we hung around with friends and family.
online, people are harrased to the extreme.
computers would be easier for you to collect research than a book.
of people should just get of the computer all the time and just chill with your family and friends.
people who are on their are away from their friends and family!
people, especially kids get bored at times, so they can just go on the computer and play games and trivias so they can still learn.
personal life is restricted to certain rules and criteria.
they would be able to learn so much more than before.
dear , i thick this is a good idea because you can play games and talk to family or frends and lisen to music.
i could just easily go look it up on the computer to see who won which medals.
however most of the things people do not like to see are things they fear.
books can be kept from kids if hidden well enough, but movies and music can not be hidden in the same manner.
or did all of them leave you because you wouldn't stop surfinh the web on your computer.
i know i wouldnt, cause kids are like monkeys, monkey see monkey do, and you dont want your little one walking aroud cussing at you.
did you that without these computers ever half the million jobs in the world would fail?
then i went to the bookstall.
computers allow students to research faster, and with more accuracy by being able to search for key words.
if you can't get anywhere that way then just forget it and move on
having books causes our imagination to come out and take us on adventeres that some of us will never get to do.
first, if we took away all the offensive materials off the shelves they would be empty.
that is great for the brain!
so women just had a baby & she is using her computer to work online.
there are people out there who are actually addicted to the internet, so they have to pay thousands of dollars to get back to health.
technology does that with games, music from 's, computers, game systems and the newest way, ipod's and instructions on how to do something.
this struggle to be on top has the possibility of seperating people apart like political parties.
in the of , i was surprise to find out that projects, homework and research can take up half of your time, with your family.
these people are considered are mad and dangerous with laywars who want to get you.
chidren can get agressive when loss of exersise.
even great novels like the in the should not be banned because of their content.
in this situation i am somewhat nuetral.
computers are an amazing benefit to society.
if the book contains racial slurs to different races then yes they need to removed asap.
for example your computer breaks or has virus you can just figure out the problem by yourself.
people stop exercising, don't enjoy the beauty of nature or life, and they aren't spending enough time with their family and friends.
you can get payed for the work you do with, websites, and.
teens and children use laptops and 's everyday in order to do their school work, and to talk with friends.
dear , i believe that computers have a positieve effect on people.
did anyone think when they asked for the certain offensive materail to be removed?
another thing computers are great for is talking.
no, because that person is too busy playing on the computer can you see how computers can effect your health?
so obviously, computers are a great influence on society.
second, with magazine some of the images they use on their covers and pages are something that are ment to be seen where children read.
they are also kept in water parks and tourist spots to perform tricks.
you would have to go to the library and search for a book about him.
as you can see computer benefit society helps peoples hand eye coordination.
this shows that computers give terrible effects on society.
but who knows where technology can take us.
the world would be so much happier and mentally fit if we stuck to original idea of tecnology.
taking away the things some adults find offensive is like taking away the children's section, unfair.
if the people don't like it they don't need too look at it or get it.
but that just the basics.
he prepares his lessons.
you can get so much knowledge from the computers/internet.
about half of computer use, "" says to computer weekly, ,"" is using blogs and videos to state one's ideas.""
and it can teach you things, too.
if a movie is not good for children or just very horid it need to be put in a place where nobody will look.
there are also bad movies such as and .it is a horror movie that made it hard to fall asleep for a few days.
where ever you look you can find a computer.
what it all comes down to is not that we should censore our reading but that we should use our better judgement.
many people are thinking this is a good time to go on the computer but you bored you will stay on the computer until you have something to do.
is a chain of apps for everything from writing documents to making spreadsheets to making presentations and even to making fliers for special events.
second, using the people can share their wares on sites including and .
computers help educate the minds of people and without them, we might not know anything.
computers provide practically anthing you need.
addionally, don't you have a friend who live more than miles away from you?
offices would not be able to function computers; workers rely on the internet email system.
badminton originated thousands of years ago in india, before many of the other sports were commercialized.
i think it would be a crime against to censor things in libraries.
computers in most cases, do better work and create less error than humans themselves.
if something is that offensive to that many people, they should be mature enough to ignore what they see and find what they like.
there are also games that improves hand eye cordination.
imagine all of the papers and space he would use if he had to do by hand or didnt use a computer.
most of them are very good effects that can lead you to become more self-confident.
some books might be to explicit for a child to read.
maybe a near death experience causes someone to write a book.
what is the first thing that comes to mind when i you hear 'computers'.
now doesn't that make sense?
yes people shall spend time outside or with family, in small does the computer good for you.
lastly, computers allow people to talk to othe people online or webcam.
you feel their pain.
computers are sometimes the easy way out.
did you know computers were first invented by to perform calculations that were very long?
i think that computers benefit our way of life in many ways.
i am all for this.
first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because they help you learn about cultures around the world.
are some rare examples.
decisions like that should not be left up to a group of people that has opposite views.
instead via internet.
the computer another reason why america becoming obese?
computers are very helpful when it comes to learning.
you chould be lbs one day and then be lbs the next.
the students have to pay for the food and stay in the hostel.
being on the computer stops many people from interacting with their family and friends.
so, most people in a couple years will be computers and use them effectively.
know you know why the internet is great has games be close to your famly or even get help.
they could even put a little label on the front cover of the magazine that says it not be suitable for everyone.
at that time the class teacher of my class came out of the principal’s room.
it helps them have hand-eye coordination, learn about new places, and lets them talk.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects computers have on people is a positive effect.
computers allow people to easily.
have to follow what ever rules untill there years of age: ?
also they will probley know want whey want to do later in there life time.
not only will computers impact people, but it also impact family in friends.
one person might feel that a book about a sexual assault victim is offensive, while another person might think the book is informational and helpful.
computer benefit society in way like it could help the childer with thrie school work.
my last and strongest reason that technology can help you find anything in everyday life.
there are some beautiful paintings on the walls.
my uncle takes very good care of brownie and the other horses.
it should be placed on a different section of the library.
thank you for taking your time and effort to read this, i hope it has persuaded many people.
with the removal of materials such as books and music, libraries ruin the time spent and heart that the creators have placed trustfully within them.
this is what could happen to anyones child if there are books out their that could be harmful to anyone that picks them up.
by removing the problem, we would be creating another issue.
i always talk to my friends online.
were we live in a free country, and have the right to have access to the matrial we want from libraries.
some people think they are offensive but they should know that they are not directed twards them.
second, computers have a negative effect on people because they deteriorate interaction with family.
electricity helps to light up the streets at night.
any question you can be asked on the internet and you will get an answer.
he weighs pounds due to being on the computer all the time.
not only that but the internet also makes it possible to purchace clothes online without having to go to the store.
so come on put down the mouse down and find something ""hands on"" to do!
now a days out of people are over weight or obese.
separate desks and chairs for each of us.
suggest that certain material not only be impacting children and teens, but adults are highly affected as well.
if you love a show on to, and you missed it you can find it on computer.
after all do we really need a computer?
in conclusion, computers keep you from spending time with your family, has students misspelling words, and distracting you from doing your homework.
in fact, each year jobs are created in the .s alone in accordance with the development computers!
detective stories tend to glorify crimes.
school is very important and valuable if you want to suceed in life.
made me fell lonely, , , says , by the use of computers you are doing yourself a favor.
what is censorship?
to editor, 's a beautiful day.
all you need is computer (of course), a microphone or headset, some speakers, and a special software.
experts say that more people with hand-eye coordination have improved by working with computer.
well computers can do that.
today's computers allow the world to talk to one another and know what is going on.
if you think a book would be offensive to you, dont read it.
our library has books almost on all subjects.
so they are faced with a dillemma, 'remove the item or don't remove the item?'
makes me frustrated.
computers change all that.
when you don't, where are you most of the time?
to win, people can't talk, just focus on the game.
everyone is different and has their own beliefs and understandings.
you can search up different information over the internet.
you meet new people when you are in the computer.
therefore, i would not be able to read as much.
six months later, when she went to a doctor's appointment she found out that she gained more than ten pounds.
without computers, everyone would not be able to get the education that they have a right to.
so if you feel like this is a good idea contact your local library and tell them you are in favor of the , ' .'
it's glasses or even going blind.
these issues above are serious health problems if not treated.
first, i will be talking about how people use computer too much.
everyone thinks computers are so wonderful and can only positively affect you.
so many communicating things make computers even better.
i think that this would be fair for everyone.
of hospitals nationwide say that computers are on essential in their facilities.
is saying that if every single book that offends someone is taken off the shelves there would be no books for anyone to read.
people meet over the internet can be sometimes dangerous because some people lye about there age or put fake pictures of them.
also, it gives users usefull information about anything you can think of.
libraries are for learning new things about the world that will later help you in .
dear local , i would wont computors because it benifits our society.
they can get on the computer and check it out, right?
but these people are the people who are unfriendly, mean and sad.
others feel that sensitive audiences not be comfortable with the text.
it has been known that thirty out of fifty people have saved themselves from losing a job from a computor.
you can ask them what homework you had if you weren't in dschool.
with computers, they help us learn or find things we didnt know.
to end this story my reason was yo can find stuff online, my second reason was you can have fun.
buisnesses people are always on the computer because they need to print out documents and they probally got to send something to another country.
i almost see the kids screaming, their eyes darting around as they struggle to finish their high priority papers.
a woman should not have to go to a library and come across a book stating her religion is an waste and stupid.
loss of eyesight is just one of the negative impacts computers have in our health.
oh, did i mention facebook.
and so you can talk to friends and have a email for buisness purposes.
instead, they will be looking back and thinking about the halarious video on youtube that got over one million hits.
well i have good reasons as to why computers are good technology.
dear local newspaper, would a person do with out a computer?
first the computer helps people know about what happen with people in other islands.
they will be worth your wild.
if if weren't for the , no one would be able to read my homework and reports.
in past experiences i have learned that if you get interested in computer game it will come very addicting.
al of this seems to prove that computers are good for society, but truely it is not.
what do i think about library censorship?
another reason is if you have family that does not live with you and you can't go an see them then you can chat with them.
everyone in society is still going to act this way, whether you can stop your children from hearing about it or not.
people are not less active.
the lost and probably most negative effect is the exesive amount of freedom people get on the internet.
we reached there in the afternoon.
in my case my mom did not want me to watch anything that was bad.
seven out of ten adults pay bills online at their computer.
the whole range of knowledge is based on orderliness around us.
people need to stop over reacting to something that might have been said .
to sum it up, computers allow you to learn about far away places.
for example, if you were to type in a certain animal there would be an overdose of pages pertaining to your topic.
i believe that computers benefit society and help people understand things more clearly.
reason is it allows students to get information when they're doing a project.
after years had passed by she finally found her father.
in order to make that happen we need find a place for these materials or not have them at all.
should that be the new normal?
it was great to have the hot soup, as it made me feel warm.
depression can make people sick for example, my father, when was divorsed the depression effected his body and mind.
computers do not benefit society today.
playing games were ever you go is good and again don't art to play or.
the natural world is ever changing, and you will miss out on a lot of amazing opportunities if you hardly ever step foot outside your front door.
maybe on a class report you needed to write something about the traditons of , .
file save, is an idiot proof way to keep all your files in a safe place.
im pretty sure that almost every other boy out there around there age, feel the same way.
when your watching an adult type most of them can type without looking at the keyboard.
no longer will people have to take an airplane to talk with friends on the other side of the world.
this scenario shows that the computer is one of the fastect ways to get information on any subject or topic.
before computers kids played outside running and playing around.
libraries should not have the ability to take a book off the shelves depending on it's content.
sometimes you're even required to use it.
i think the decision should be left for the government to say which book should and shouldn't be taken away.
if we did that, we would have to take away all religious books so that no one was offended.
she told a bunch of friends and me about it.
theft many people in the .s.a identities get stolen for listing private information online (computer) which can leave that person in a lot of debt.
as a result for those who didn't agree with the statement that they are positive not negative i hope that you will redecide on your opion.
dont your to the you!!!
dear editor, i have heard that some experts are saying that spend too much time online.
do we really want the murder of millions of people to be repeated?
and well when it comes to interacting with family the parents should set limits.
this story makes me think about why they should put books on a different shelf or higher up.
when kids check their e-mails they are probably trying to see if their parents wrote them.
we as a whole need computers to do daily life things, without be able to go online, or save files we would be lost!
you could be out there getting to were your relatives live to see them.
you can also learn how to type, when you know how to type you can type faster and faster.
so you adults who want to take that book off the shelf, you better have real good ligitement reason to take it off.
it seems to be the peoples new way of comunication.
i had the same reaction.
so these one some of the main reasons why i say that the computer is not always a good because people spend a much time on them.
i agree with those people.
kids seem to get in alot more trouble online then they ever have on the streets.
many if you were deployed to an army write in .
but my dad told me that do not abuce the computer, use it for education.
also as the technology is getting better it is keeping people from going outside and enjoying the beautiful nature.
books,music,movies, or magazines wont be pulled because of emotions.
options, and abilities to use!
sitting around on the computer all day can be harmful but informative in many ways.
i understand it really is interesting to learn about people from different countries but their are some cons.
a computer can get you sucessful in life helps you learn a lot of things such as computer engineering.
my final reason is that there are alot of fun and exciting websites that you can relax and play on!
this is ridiculous.
people have all the freedom to read, listen or watch anything that is approperite to them.
then there are the cosomos both should be upstairs.
i believe some magazines might not be appropriate for some people, but that doesn't mean they should take it off the shelf.
finally, it helps your school work.
nobody wants to be that kind of loser living on the streets!
they might not want their kids to read it but their kids will still hear the same things somewhere else also.
anyone who with data and writing would be crazy not to have a computer!
any of these websites can ford photos to their mobile device.
at least once in our exsistance on earth we find ourselves curious about something at we try it, just to see what it is like.
this is hurting people as well as the wildlife around them.
we should teach people about them.
i strongly believe that they have bad effects on people.
although some people believe that computers turn us children into zombies, i believe that they effect us in a posotive way.
the things that people will read in books or magazines and see in movies is nothing compared to what they will see in the real world.
a computer has so many advanrages in today society.
this is understandds because homework can be boring but it all pays off in the end.
for example, research projects, study tools and essays.
another positive effect that computers have on people is communication.
is cutrogeous how much people are on computers now, starts to affect thier attitude, and control thier lives.
in their the world, they will be able to do this on computer.
i believe that computers make our lives easier and that the advances in technology have a positive effect on people.
as most of the world already knows, there was a devestating earthquake in the small country of .
censorship to a book is like chocolate cake without the chocolate, its taking away the value and fun out of education.
if they think that a book is offensive they go past it and find a different book to .
, in ones opinion about computers and what they can do to benefit society these days.
it's most likely that someones goin to get offened.
i think that other people could feel this way so thats why we need to limit the computer.
you have to understand that most younger teens and children are curious about many things before they even get to that age.
things that children would like to read, listen or watch about.
in the olden days, people used clay to put up walls.
people are even comiting climer like murded and even attemps suicide cause loss jobs or family members.
a short film with a crop story and colouful atmosphere creates the desired effect without much words.
these experts don't realize that you can use a computer to instead with friends and family.
dear , you want our society to becaome one of obese, lazy with no appreciation for family or friends?
he works hard as a student.
books are important to this world as well as movies and magazines and such.
the more information you have the better.
for example, when my dad got home.
maybe it shouldnt go in the little kids section of a library or store but i dont think it should be removed completely.
you don't get the real experience by just looking at pictures.
also others will be able to view your profile even they are not friends with that person.
not only will it cause a stir up in the press, but just like the race/religion thing, it can cause the author to be fired.
all the computer is, is a distraction from keeping you and everyone else healthy.
everyone has their own opioin about things and diffrent views.
there are even on-line dating sites and matchmakers.
they undergo intense training before they join the army as soldiers.
whats the point of going on the computers if all your going to do is play games that gets boring to me.
i know i dont want my siblings to be reading about drugs and sex in detail.
they cannot shove information down our throats.
using the computer is like smoking.
the materials children see and hear is up to parents.
should books that are offensive be removed from library shelves?
thses things could be like pronogaphy, and also really grusome things in magazines and in movies.
also they will be able to read about what different cultures they have and religions.
on the internet there are many things to keep you occupied like games or ou can even watch movies from your home onto the computer!
that is all you have to do and then it will never bother you again.
also, with computers, people can communicate with people from across the world.
for the army or everiday monrting sestoms for a policeofficer.
so people think that compute is fun for them.
also, computer technology has been applied to research in science and hospitals.
the average day for children in is to go home and going on the computer for hours at a time until a parent comes home.
computers let people communicate with each other.
computer provide people with many easy, convieniant ways to do many tasks.
sometimes he brings the note-books of the students to his home.
lastly, the internet is also a way for teachers to communicate with their students.
students learning how to type, and .
what is your choice to this difficult question?
materials in a library could also be found offensive to most people.
another reason why students should not spend all their time on the computer is because of their health.
this how computers help socity learn and talk to other around the world.
if libraries censored every book that might offend someone else, then there would not be any books left for anyone to read.
i know that you will take this into cons ideration.
also computers help old time friends and family keep in touch.
there are many educational websites that people can go to to learn about any subject want.
lastly, they save us money everyday.
so lastly join me and help the world know that computers are good!
without doing anything but sit back and lip sync.
i believe this because other people be interested in it, we need information from the resources in the libraries, and all books make people more intelligent.
in conclution, i believe that everyone has the right to a library i just feel everyone doesn't have a right to have everything libraries hold.
so if some company sends you a notice saying you havent payed a bill you can go on turbo tax and check.
do i believe that some books should be taking off the shelves if they are found offensive ?
this has happened to me before.
or play games?
finally, computers can give you a good sense of hand eye cordination.
children don't need to be reading books with offensive language anyhow, but of course this is up to their guardian.
on the comuter you just type in what you are looking for in search bar a boom within a tenth of a second your results are there.
secondly, all the music that are good and bad will be taken off the self.
also something like in the , i don't think that it should be removed from shelve's just because of the title.
in my own personal opinion i believe forbidding works of art from libraries is the same as destroying the people created them.
teens and adults use the to talk in friends they haven't seen for up to years.
it was six in the evening and cold winds were blowing strongly outside.
many other people also come running.
out of people say they ""need"" to check these everyday but they really dont.
conclusion i disagree with the statement ""some people support advances and technology belive that computers have a positive effect on people.""
surrounding it there are nine main
give people ability to learn about far away places and people and even allow people to talk online people.
to a creationist 's views seem stupid and offensive, but to an atheist they be what makes sense.
lastly, you can talk and video chat.
i hightly reccomend that you get aquanted with such a useful and very recognized plece of technology.
computers are big deal in our community.
lastly it doesn't hurt anymore to make friends or talk to people online.
since computers are rapidly growing and adapting kids spend half of the day on it just stareing at the screen playing some flash game, like run escape.
finding an appropriate book is not the problem.
i know that somethings are a little, risque, but getting this our their quicker would be a better solution.
technology is benifiting society and will hopefully continue making life easier.
everyone is entitles to what they believe, and others have to have the maturity to accept that.
being a young kid you're curious and they need to be able to look at just about anything.
""wow how cool!!""
youu put it under favorates, they you get a virouse that deleites the file.
parents should have the say over what their children read and should not have that decision made by others
if you had to do this by hand, you would have to write extremly neat, pictures in a newspaper or mabe, even draw them.
reading about past struggles or facts about it could give them tips or ideas on how to avoid suicide.
yes you could go down to a library and take out a book on the person.
the tells the public what we can and cannot watch on television and what we can and cannot listen to on the radio.
yes we still dont want are kids read valgur books about killing, and romance, and serial killers, but for some people enjoy reading those novels.
they made paper boats and started floating them.
its paddles are conveniently located near the feet of the driver so one can easily paddle this vehicle.
if they want to be on the computer they're also getting bad eye-sight because of too much light.
it's one step closer to world peace no more war or conflicts.
but on ther hand, they're also fun, help kids, and even help get together from dating sites.
computers are a great source of information.
libraries should have an age limint to check out books and magizines.
so i deleted the account.
the sense of this nautre is to ask the store to remove the books or magazine.
( you the computers are a positive effect on people?)
computers are a more positive thing than negative.
letting society ban a book simply for the use of inappropriate materials is ridiculous.
computers be exercising your brain, but they're not exercing you and that's what really counts.
whenever i need to or know something that i don't know about, i go to my computer and look it up.
thery said thats why they love the computer.
i also belive that if somebody has something on their mind they should should be able to say it.
by making simulation of the titanic a space ships or the floor.
when someone comes of age to make decisions that affect their life then they should be able to.
also you can chat on or .
i have them use computers everyday for reports and to extend their learning"".
work is also primairly done through the computer now.
one has to work hard and practice for some time to become a good meson.
removing a book from a shelf just puts the craving in the hearts of certain people to read it; sometimes completely rebelliously.
many people think that computers are not a good thing.
it is someones personal decision wether or not they look at listen to or read offensive things.
of the study's patients started to be more joyful once they stopped going on the computer as often.
they might of healthy.
many of those people do not want to relive the painful past experiances.
also your computer doesn't have the right it could get a vins and cost a person a few hundred dollars to get it fixed.
calling someone from another country on the phone gets really expensive.
if we waste our time and overtax our minds and bodies, time shall waste us.
a computer can be used for communication, education, and for accessing important information quickly, such as the local news.
but when i get on a computer it gets to be much better.
ever heard of the commecial, "" in your 's?""
and i have some other friends that have read that book that didn't feel comfortable reading that book.
that also leads into people spending time with your friends and family.
all through the day, he works with his students.
any event or occurrence of importance that takes place is reported by the newspapers.
as you can see this is my third and final reason as to why i believe computers are positive.
what one does, is type in a chat box to someone and the message is instantly sent to the person.
computers cause my parents to use up family time, fight, and not sleep, they spend more time on the personal computer than i'm a!
if you are stuck on a computer for hours a day you will never have any family memories.
you do not own the libraries books and you do not have any say on what is displayed in any store.
your computer will come up with hundreds of different ways to make a chicken for dinner.
my mother is a secretary down town at the low form called: .
also people using computers are spending less time with their family and friends.
or will they take a turn for the worst?
now is the time to get on your feet and find something else to do!
with this personal info, could and with these websites the crime rate has gone up .
he also orders his flight tickets in his computer, to go to .
too much time on your computer means that everyone suffers.
if we didn't have history to look back on we wouldn't be able to see how has progressed.
it might not be good for the eyes of people.
don't you agree?
of course we see previews of movies and think that they not be good, but libraries shouldn't keep leave them out.
this is because a lot of the games can be to much fun, that it can be find a game and play it all the time.
i think this because about millions of people use computers everyday!
there are various kinds of dogs, such as german shepherd, alsatian, and pomeranians etc.
two computers are good for you in many ways.
this g eneration, adolecents especailly, use the computer to comunicate with others more than actually talking to them.
i go to camp and have made friends i call my family.
children will learn 'offensive' things with or without books.
music is an outlet for many people.
people dont acknowledge the beauty of the outdoor.
i think computers are an amazing breakthrough in modern science.
is it not cool anymore?
this one problem ran also affect you so many other ways.
man cuts down trees to get quick profit from them.
we all know that human life without an ambition is useless.
you don't see kids outside as often.
i hope people can now be like and buy computers.
this also leads to higher crime rate, believe it or not.
also, the only way i talk to my aunty, who lives in , is by the computer.
in fact statics so that people who spend more time exercising than looking at electronics all day actully live longer lives.
we use computers in hospitals if there weren't any computers the chances of finding a cure for something would take to long and the person could die.
soon the time is over.
he is a good cricketer.
last but not least, computers just simply make life easier by helping you with everday needs.
however, i disagree with that.
you can just login and talk to anyone in the world.
they were arguing about something.
they have to make important descions for themselves, their children, even their country, and staring at a computer screen wont help at all.
i myself, 'would want to know, than not to ever have known.'
last of all its harder for poeple to steel or you to lose a computer as to a cell phone.
dear of newspaper, has been brought up to concern that computers are a mence to society.
when people come and search for a book to read, they search for what they think they will enjoy.
do not to spend time with thier family.
i think i need a stronger, my eye are getting worse!
they are a great benifit that 's need for their education and buisness.
it is now or never friends out there to work together on cutting down on how much we use the computer.
this could have been prevented but it wasnt.
some people find bad language and themes offensive, while others find that it gives freedom to the artist or author.
instan messaging is a less direct, but still useful who talk to someone far away.
we should not give anything to those beggars who are healthy but they don’t want to.
in brief censoring libraries is a bad idea in the areas of parent responsibilities, media economics, and our constitutional rights.
these people need to learn have the will power to get off the .
at five o'clock off i went to my basketball grow, the best game of my life was playerl.
not even a library has all the information you need.
there are kids who play them so much, all they think about is killing, guns, and war.
i cannot imgaine watching this movie as a middle schooler; i watched it as a sophomore and was scared.
if we all chose a book that we didn't want in the library, there would be none left.
one reason is chating online with friends and family.
it's less stressful because you dont have to deal with annoying and impatiant co. workers.
these are my reason computers aren't the really benefiting are society.
how you going to check your message if u dont know have a computer.
computers are the devils tools.
things should not be left around if they are offensivce in any way.
in my opinion if a person finds something offensive they shouldn't look at or read .
when i moved to i am always typing something.
a human's greatest idea comes strictly from the knowledge they have accumulated throughout their life time and off of their interests.
many people around the world use solar panels to gain their energy from the sun to power their lights, computers, etc.!
but what kids aren't understanding is that it's really not as easy or fun as the movies, books and magazines are making it sound.
studies show that over of children use computers for some sort of school work.
so yes, certain materials should be taken away from the public eye, for the safety of the community and for its' children.
the that runs through minds these days is 'why go out to talk to my friends, when i can talk them online?'
with all of the social networking now avalible like , twitter , and yahoo messanger.
should we have the right to be able to remove materials from shelves if they are found offensive?
you can look up a website that tells you about a word or a car that you need to learn about for school or work.
we should be up and moving not just setting and staring at a computer for hours at a time.
the gurus of ancient era are now addressed by ‘sir’ or the last name.
and this infact of games are ages .
dear local newspaper, back a couple decades ago, before computers existed.
when you need to research a topc for school there is always an endless library of information you turn on the computer.
you can learn about planets, if there is life on planets or water or anything else these would be things you can reasearch.
for exomple, this device allows people to keep in touch using a common social network.
, a student at says, "i go on the computer once or twice a week.
that's right, .v's might not be needed soon!
now days, there a lot of hard work that goes into music, movies, and books.
the computer makes us use these muscles so we can live happily.
they take away from spending time with family and friends, they result in less excercise.
my first reason why computers have bad effects on people who use computers, is the health issue.
if a book can provide good discussion in a classroom setting, and is mostly 'clean', then it should certainly be available for everyone.
no one person or group of people have a right to take away our freedom.
whenever there is a test coming up, my teacher, would have links on her go to help use study.
so go ahead and expand your knowledge!
in a survey out of of people rather go on the computer then take a walk in as parts.
and i would like to let you know what i think about the whole situation.
so be incomputer to long is bad many kids wach bad stuff like for adults.
before the computer age, it was a lot more difficult to find information on a topic or place.
once that child becomes and adult they have all the rights to decide what they want to get from a library.
who 't like that?
censorship should only be used for areas in which young children are exposed to, suchs as schools and tv shows intended for young children.
there will always be things that we wish not to see in life.
they also dictate time, and as a result, children become obese.
every individual has their own way of thinking and interpreting subjects.
this is my opion on the effects computers have on people.
sounds easier that looking up, get the dewy decimal number, find the number.
somebody is always going to get hurt.
dear, newspaper people should use less time on the computer because it effects their lifestyle.
my mother goes twice a week to the market to buy various things.
i dont want them reading this!
somehow, i was able to get inside the bus.
other might rather stay on the computer and gain callories.
dear , being at home with nothing to do.
if something is so inappropriate or offensive then it should be removed.
i hope you agree with me.
their are lot's of movies out their i dont like.
computers are very helpfull in a humans life.
with emailing you can send messages to your friends in any part of the world.
people tend to get moody.
interacting with people is a big part of our life its how we get , give orders and its a lot faster type of communication then sending a email.
a recent study from yale college shows that of people that use the computer for atleast a month gains some sort of hand eye coordination.
also it will help you get more information on homework and you can get a better grade.
children should not have to come across a discovery like that in a public facility, where fun and interesting facts should be found; not racial slurs.
is not offensive the whole way through.
if you go on the internet you can go and searching person or place and the computer will find it for you.
c omputers can help people get in touch.
computers also help your imagination.
are you hearing this from your children than usual?
i do not think that anybody from anywhere shoudl be able to come into a library and take a piece of literature off of the shelves forever.
on the computer, it is possible to type out words and not have to get out on eraser for an spelling mistakes.
i wanted to go near them.
in the listed websites above and many others as well, people can meet other people through other friends and games.
i say this from experience.
there is also some arguement to that, there are several that i know that find the '' word offensive, but not in this case.
like polute are air.
books, music, movies and magazines should stay out of the childrens section if they are only meant for adult viewing keep them in the adult section.
without computers this wouldnt be possible.
the possability of research, etc.
whether you are keeping in touch with friends or organizing business meetings computer offer a large amount of aid.
no, i strongly disagree.
dear newspaper, percents of jobs day use computers.
wouldn't it be wonderful to with your loved ones in a different state of country?
there are many ways to socialize with others through the computer such as e-mail, instant messaging, video chatting, etc.
in the end, i think computers benefit people around the world.
the truth of this statement would not be hard to prove.
i will tell you once again computers benefits society and do have positive effects.
he wakes up at dawn and goes to the field.
you cannot go censoring the libraries just because someone finds a book offesive.
first of all why i believe that computers have a positive effect on people is that people could contack with friends and families from far-away places.
dear , i dont think that computers are something that people should be using .
these are thousands of news sbrics, evey day of the year that do not ultimately get coverd because of limited are time on news channels.
sure you send all the friend requests you want, but theres nothing that compares to a first impression that you get from meeting someone in person.
computers are dangerous devices, and are targeting young, wholesome kids.
i'll give you an example.
many people are able to work from home with computers, which is just another reason why computers are helpful to all citizens the world.
finally, computers are great to communicate with people far away.
in my eyes technology, especially computers can bring people together and computers are very benificial to .
people are wasting their days away on the computer.
here is a short example.
lastly, more time on computers means less exercise.
its proven that students who use computers from schoolwork they make learning easier as well.
so that is why i support advanes in technology.
thow you can not trust every thing in one, you can still find many facts about what your wanting to learn about.
there are different types of books, movies, magnazines, and tape recorders in libraries.
i read or the local newspaper that lots of people use computers and that not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
a rainbow is an arch or a bow of seven colours, that
secondly, you act enough generation child i go outside basically, it all kids.
i love many different kinds of music , most of it is very fun to listen to.
all people do is chat to other people & think ""they don't have to know what i look like.
times in neighborhoods there are a lot of kids, you can start a pick of game of baseball.
using the computer soemone could talk to you while your hundreds or thousands of miles away.
experts say that freindships last longer if you talk to each ohter often.
then days later, the library takes it down and states that it's offensive to many people that have read it.
i hope that you will take these reasons to heart.
as you can see, computers are extremely educational.
be positive about online chatting, or online dating services.
firstly, they would check out sites to go to in .
computers can take precious time away from you that you could be sharing with your family and friends.
computors are a step into the future and we should take advantage of it.
kids don't nedd to be watching adult movies while they are in elementary school.
computer benefit society in the way that they can teach about different loaction and people.
you don't interact will your friends or family.
so many people all over the world have computers.
oxygen is key to life.
think about all those people who have relationships and what not, it off of computers really do help out.
the people who made this country what is to dicide do think we shouldn't have coumpters.
so as you can see, computers are causing us to lead on-healthy lives because our priorities on health are why to low.
it has come to be incorperated with almost any daily task that occur during the day.
an ideal citizen knows his rights and responsibilities.
they can say you can't get this without an adult, or they can just let you check it out and take it home.
but also regular people, for example teens, do not need to be on the computer for four hours a day.
what should be done about the books, movies, magazines, and movies that are offensive to some of the people?
dear local newspaper, computers don't take exercising, enjoying nature, and no interacting with friends and family away from you.
i don't think that computers is the most positive effect.
have the explicit books on one side of the library and the non on the other side.
there are lots of books about freedom fighters, warriors, kings, etc.
so the computer can help you with that websites online make you take a actualy gives you a place to work.
they should be allowed to do this because of their differences and their definition of 'offensive'.
in pursuance of a hobby, one can enjoy one’s leisure and learn at the same time.
you shoudn't go on computers for a long time because instead you should be exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with people.
final reason is online dating.
computers definitely improve communication and brings people closer.
there are many books in the library that shouldn't be there.
third reason every could be offense to somebody.
and car are ran off of computers.
sometimes, a book or movie is like a cry for help or a way to raise awareness about some wrongdoing in the world today.
sometimes it is just not enough, children are still getting addicted to some materials at a very early age.
they can't.
computers can send out information and they are risky.
if you don't have a t.v.
think about it you can reserch and find pictures from books and magasigns.
it could help gain knowledge, meet new people or make you gain weight and have a lack of social skills.
for example, teens can learn the new dance.
and besides, most kids don't don't stay on the computer very long anyways.
she could never really stop me because that explicit language was being said wherever i went.
the headache became severe.
i hope i have convinced you to see my side of the argument and thank you for your time.
wasting minutes is wasting money.
to conclude, computers contribute to society in ways that make it much better for everyone.
we need computers to do this.
in conclusion techknowlogy has a positive and negative impact by more positive than negative influence.
first, computers are great to learn about forein places.
parents should make sure that their children are not reading inappropriate things or listening to offensive music or watching or rated movies.
then, diabetes developes, taking away from the quality your life.
if one was to stare at a backlit screen for hours on and, their eyesight would definitely start to deteriorate.
this really helps because a lot of people have hard times with spelling.
all sorts of individuals walk into a library and look around.
experts also belives that by spending time on the computer will tack time away from enjoing the things that nature has to offer.
if based on a true story and offensive it should be heard anywise because part of history.
it could be bad because it would keep you from getting exircise, being with your family and being healthy.
but, there are no instructions in my area.
these are some internet sources that are to answer questions.
dr. the claims, ""i internet-related kidnappings & other crimes.
he has a farm.
my favorite website is .
is a major problem that many people don't think about often before acting.
adults mostly use them for business.
my car can run at a very high speed.
these are the main reasons computers don't benefit society.
when his sister showed him , , myspace, , etc.
i believe that computers have a negitive effect on people.
you look all over your folders; but it's gone.
in my opinion i believe all types of material should be allowed in libraries.
need to realize that sitting on a computer is a danger to their health you don't want you to have eye problems in the do you?
publisher alloews you to make them.
last week i went to my uncle’s house in green park.
secondly computers allow easy and safe communication between people and lastly they are usefull for writing papers such as writing prompts.
computers distracts kids and teenagers from doing other things in life, also it doesn't follow families to be a family.
are many genres of books, music, magazines, etc., so is always a place that the book can go to.
i think we should have it because it would make sure the kids wont look at them.
also, many people have important information on a computer.
think computers have a effect on people.
lastly, i think the computer has a negative effect because it them.
there are a lot of people that think most of the music that you hear on the radio today is offensive.
the i think that is because when your computer crashes or breaks you would most likely know what to do to fix it.
dear newspaper people, i'm here to tell you that computers have a bad effect on people.
while some books are censored because of shame, some are censored because a certain group of people find it offensive.
i know people say that where you are on be computer, you spend less time exercising, but the computers help you with you throwing skills.
how to make this noble dream possible in the present day unrest?
dear , i am writing this letter to state my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
plus on video sites there are comedy.
but with public libraries, 's a whole new story.
they's a large variety of enterianment such as: romance movies, adventurous novels, dramatic music, comical magazines, and many others.
also doesn't that mean the test scores will go down?
you depend on your computer to teach you about the world, you should cease this use.
i think that there should be some type of line that seperates going to fare and what is good enough.
i will run on the tred mill to help me burn of stress or anger.
once again, books are meant to entertain readers and not to hurt them.
others are made of bottles and clay.
people have there own choice on what they want to read , watch,or listen to.
i strongly feel this disturing and destructive material should be removed from the shelves of libraries.
having a computer will give kids the action to sit around and do nothing.
just because i find something offensive, doesn't mean the person next to me does, which is completely fine with me.
do you want a more economically advanced state?
they would not have all of these donations.
remember computers are easy to use, you can stay connected to friends and you can go to school on them.
if you dont let them be taken out of the library how could kids possibly damage or steal or even draw in them.
for example in baseball one must have a good hand eye cordination to help catch and hit the ball.
i totally agree with this.
if a child gets addicted to the computer it will affect how he interacts with other and do serious damage to their brain.
she was a window and her son jim needed a pet.
most would not want that at all and strongly encourage editing out things that their children are too young to hear and understand.
people will end up getting fat if all they do is sit around on their computer.
my second reason is that computers help with education.
a second productive task can help us with is learning .
education is also a useful thing you can use with computers.
you could learn which college is right for you without leaving your house.
on his new computer can do all his projects and homework on .
i as soon as i seen what i was going to be writing about this one flashed in my head like lighting.
from learning, to games, to videos, and to a tool that is very useful.
you could do something quite like draw a nice picture.
so, in conclusion, i believe that computers are good use.
well, if you send her pics, or video chat over the web, you can!
with more people making use of computers, will be the more technology benefits our society.
on the computer you can get any information about any information about anywhere or anything.
she says its alright and you guys keep chatting it all worked out!
that means you wouldnt be able to use the computer for a long time.
some people are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers and hanging with your friends and family.
my brother feel so uncomfortable with that book, he decided to take it back that same night.
we all know whats wrong, and what's right.
any adult who hasn't gone to college and wants to can take classes online and earn their degree way.
people's likes in music vary.
let me just say this is a lot better than having to write with a pencil.
i ride my bike, play outside, or run on the treedmill.
walking into a room where people of all are learning about computers are helpful to individual because the can learn about places.
i don't know about you, but i think computers keep the world up and running.
lastly, is that you wont be spending any time with your family or friends.
advances in technology are amazing.
that book that is offensive to someone isn't directed to he or she; the authors opinion shouldn't matter.
don't you think all of this is true?
people sue messaging to connect with their friends, family, & other people they not know.
there i could get the leftovers to eat.
would you ask for to be removed?
also you see the words that you are typing and you press with you hands.
everyone needs to let books be enjoyed by all and they shouldn't take away a books cahnce to be loved by censoring it.
censorship is a good thing but it can also be a bad one as well.
(as long as you don't have a in your house) the last my favorite one is """" time.
can be genetic or common to people who constently their knuckles.
do you have someone, you don't get to see everyday?
part this is due to spending too much time on the computer.
in fact even the internet has books to buy and read.
in these instances, these violent stories are important for our youth to see and i think that they should not be censored in the library.
i do not think kids should do this because it might affect their health and how other think of them.
i like something you could possibly hate, should it not be aloud in a library becuase you don't like it?
i have little brothers, and they are , , .
, , while growing up had poor influences all around him.
but there are some big downsides to this box of information.
many people in today's world think so.
on the other hand, it also helps with your education.
people just for being on the computer they don't do exercise, enjoy nature, and they don't spend time with their family.
this is why i think that people are spending to much time on their computer and it is having a effect on their life.
they save the world and be a hero by day, but authors and producers make sure they include their night life in the story as well.
i beleive that certian things such as books, movies, music, magazines, etc., should and shouldn't be taken off of the shelf.
it is much less convienent then writing by hand.
e-mailing is two simple steps: and .
computer can anybody who uses it.
the computer had created easier way for people to send messages and information to one and other.
with profits as low as medium wage, our local area is not that ""rich.""
coumputer excersize your.
so you have total freedom to purchase(check out) any of those rated movies.
is is because technology is taking over their life and clouding their vision of the more important things life has to offer.
why can we.
next they how it happen you say.""
also if you need to find out what somthing means instead of using an dictionary use the computer.
some subjects be awkward to talk about, read about, or even think about, but that doesn't mean we should ingnore them.
anybody ever think of that?
is this the right thing to do?
just make some kind of label that says that there might be things in the movies or whatever item such as books and magazines also.
we were all shocked when we learned that everything about it was fake.
computers also come in handy when something needs to be looked up right away.
first of all, as people use computers in the beginning they enjoy it.
computers have a large effect on people.
online gaming also brings joy to poeple all over the world.
i think no, and there are many reasons as to why i disagree with this idea.
thaipongal is a harvesting festival.
my brother is still too young to go to school.
foruth would be besnness, with out computers there busnness would be hopless it would not last that long.
there is some other things that are bad about computers too for example: my friend stayed on his computer playing video games for most of the day.
dear , do benifit society in a positive way, but they also have a negative affect.
if teens read a book where parties seem cool and bad things are glorified, they too start to see bad as good.
in conclusion, i believe that allowing any one person to take a certain book, movie, or off of a shelf is not very smart.
censorship most often occurs with books in a school setting.
this is where computers come in.
you'll also be informed about what people are doing to help them and what you can do to help.
place you need a change?
i believe it is not some one elses right to remove these books from libraries.
people use them like they do the words 'and' or 'the'.
computers are used for many things like school work, planning that trip you always wanted to go to, and reading the latest news.
not everyone can go to big so it is easier for them to use an online college.
instead they aim them on computers or message them on facebook or even myspace.
third to teach childeren hand eye cordination and to to type so they can get .
computers are also educational when it comes to school projects because of these amazing websites.
a lot of people are not going to like it and they will not obey the new law.
if you limit time, everythig will be alright!
also, with computers you can share information as well as receive it.
computers are now an important piece of society.
people who enjoy reading the books, that are wanted censored, would no longer be able to read those books.
the advancements in technology just wasteing your time.
to whom it concern, many hours a day do you spend on the computer?
plus, you don't want to deal with softwares and there viruses.
of parents would agree with me on the second idea over the first one.
don’t hurt your dear ones even in your disturbed moments.
many people world complain about it.
i myself beleves that censorship in libraries should not be aloud.
people spend hours at at time on the computer causing less time exercing, horrible speaking, and dangerous searches.
chatting is the number one thing kids, adults , and teenagers do.
you can learn about your ancienty or about car crash or about or thing that are going on it the world .
he works hard to earn his bread.
one sport where hand eye cordination makes a huge impact is in football.
they are at the computer playing games that doesn't do anything good.
a young man-knight without armour-offered me his seat near the exit.
lastly when you have a big project you can do research on anything and everything in the world!
avoiding such problems is easy, keep the books and all other material in a library on the shelves.
these boxes can be harmful to their users' eyes.
if someone wanted to read a book on the , then that person should be able to go to a library and check the book out.
just remember there are many many more resons why computers are not benefical to society.
many find swear words in writing or violence to be very offensive.
as an active member of the computer, i take part in all negative factors.
they can be distracting but in a enlighting way.
if you find something offensive, simply stay away from it, but don't try to take it away from the rest of the world.
computers have made technology a necessity, many people don't spend enough time doing other activities, and they do not benefit your health.
but their are people who do make a big deal about that kinda stuff.
you want me to write an to my local newspaper about what i think on the effects they give people.
other than winding you down on a rough day at work, on the computer allow you to communicate with friends and family.
what there reading should have any effect on others unless they are reading also.
there is also such a thing as (instant messaging) that allows you to imediatly talk to somebody and for them to immidiatly talk to you back.
take action now!
so what solved my problem?
it would also cost a lot more money to call.
you have the power to make a difference in your real lives.
more parents need to spend more time with their kids and talk to them about these things.
when you first start using computers your normally pretty young, and sometimes you don't always type the fastest.
hand-eye coordination is a key part in our every day lives.
it can be concluded that people are stubborn for their beliefs, and to have someone choose what everyone is allowed to believe be wrong.
sometimes she'd miss school for the computer or come to school just to play on the computer.
they give out oxygen and make the earth clean and cool.
also, there are some programs on the computer where they allow you to talk to other people.
should he/she just give up because every single piece of classical literature has been taken out of every library in the country, i say no!
realizing how much help computers have in everyday life, people will be the down fall or support for computer technology moving forward.
i do believe certain things should be seperated from other parts of the libraries.
, in my opinion computers can be entertaining and educational, but should not replace everyday living.
they can organize there topics and genres.
and yet i was full of apprehensions.
thus, a poor but healthy man is better than a rich but sick man.
you're on the phone with your friend and you're telling her about something important that you need advice on.
whenever i look in magazines i just skip all of that nonsense they talk about and read the articles about clothes, food, and people.
i've found that it really helps me when i'm struggling with my work.
the internet is a wonderfull thing.
children are inside and not out side they with not get vitimans from the sun.
and so there is no reason why anyone should interfere with a parents choice as long as it is in aggrement with the law.
the people in those charts are not always sho they claim to be.
family and friends are those who make us truly hapy but if we on the computer how are we going to see them?
it gives them the chance to interact in a different way.""
my future is now very uncertain.
if you are the type of person who is on the computer every chance you get like becky, it is not good for you or the device.
if i find something very offensive in a store or online i should have the right to voice my opinion, and that opinion should be taken seriously.
dear , some people say that computers are fun, smart, and do no harm.
i would also bring a computer with me for gps so i can know where i am.
i see what theese parents are trying to do.
my parents also notice that me and my brother are grumpy after playing on the computer for so long.
the question is, do you want people to refrain from using computers?
of students get out of school and go straight to the computer.
teens should have limited time on the computer, so they don't do anything they will regret in their future.
overall, the negative outcomes of censorship outweigh the positive outcomes.
furthermore you can play with your friends, and in the process develops social skills.
i asked my class and ninety percent of them go on myspace.com.
of who don't experience nature at a young age never fully appreciate it.
my last reason is for designs every modern car that you drive, is originally from a computer.
of every period, volumes can be written on what man wanted to know and how he learned.
it shows that many more use computers to visit faraway lands.
another example, is that a computer teachees you hand-eye coordination from typing and using the mouse.
other people work online.
a penpal is a way you can communicate with someone you never and from another contry, more you have reasons on how you can communicate from your computers.
she wants her students to be tidy and well disciplined.
i hope you understand my point on this issue.
they can go onto and type in any question they want to be answered.
everybody needs to stop being lazy and get active.
with the ideas that people are writing about today we can not possible control what comes to their mind.
although many disagree with the use of computers, there hand - eye, communications, and learning purposes are very important.
according to katherine paterson, who wrote an article about censorship in the library.
try to prevent all these negative effects by limiting the use of your computer.
a library is for anyone and everyone who goes to it.
do you go on the computer for hours every day?
they can keep memories we cant keep forever like , 's, and type letters.
the sea is used as a road to transport goods and passengers from country to country.
by censoring the speech of authors, their rights have been denied.
this is a true enough statement that it just makes you wonder about their logic.
1/ mom says she sees her kid growing apart from the family because of a computer.
everyonehas their owen belief in what he or she reads or rights even watches so the library is perfect the way it is .
for example, kids are always.
let's say it's ranning healthy, your car?
computers only make doing your work easier and faster.
for them to see or hear.
another reason my views on censorship contain to keep the offensive materials is because of what we see and watch.
furthermore, if people cut down on internet socializing website than less people will be in danger of cyberbullying affecting their lives.
the first time you get on the computer you will be addicted to right away.
but i think that there should be sections of the library that are cut off away from the public eye, but are still there for those certin people.
i think that computer help in many different ways.
wether you hiking a mountain of a lake, nature is all around you.
if you lived in a city, then it would be harder to go outside because maybe you lived in an apartment or somewhere not a comunity.
one could also say this book is offensive because of the language it uses.
some people on the computer arn't always how thay say thay are.
simple stuff like this can make everyone happy because the person who is offended doesn't have look at the stuff that he hates.
computers are very important and are life changing.
without computers life would be difficult and stressful.
family is the most important thing in your life, and as you get older, the time you have with your family get less and less.
people have other books they can have there instead of one that are offensive poeple.
on computers, you can order things from online websites instead of trying to go out and buy them.
by traveling to and unfamiliar places in the world, one is able to experience and learn about other cultures.
haveing a computer is you could study animals like that is ok but you dont want to got stuck on the computers.
on these open chat rooms you can talk to people that are thousands of miles away.
in fact if we could scan people to find addiction of the population would be addicted to computers.
health is a big issue when it comes to computers.
i like my laptop.
but today everything is done by machines.
of the people in the say that a computer has many people think that from a computer.
how would you feel if you spent around years writing this story/movie for kids that got in the first couple of weeks it was on the shelves.
many books that are threatened by censorship are books about historical facts, such as the holocaust.
use you mouth not your hand.
some others could say that knowing too much will make our egos so big that we will be ignorant.
we sat together and had our lunch.
that would teach kids bad things that they don't need to be reading about.
the sun was shining and a cool breeze was blowing.
you can learn about a place before visiting it with a click of a button and learn about places far away.
the lack of exercising causes obeseity, and cardovascular problems.
by looking at the screen while typing, gives you a boost on your hand-eye coordination because you are doing two things at once.
this saves paper and ensures accuracy in the final grade.
you can do all of this within the privacy of your on home so you can remain as secret as a agent.
some of these ways are finding cures to harmful deases.
that goes for cell phones too and any other piece of hardware that gets frequently upgraded it's just good for buisness.
do you want to use the computer while your their?
now you have my reasons why computers benifit the society.
now you know opinion why computers are benfit society.
over of teens will be faced with some sort of cyber bullying in their life.
most office people have a computer to talk to others by e-mail or to fix problems.
dear , you think computers are bad for society.
computers are a good way to keep in touch with people.
and by knowing all this information, it helps helps people plan events, like birthday parites.
this is one reason why the .a has the highest obesity rates in the world.
that's why computers is more important to me and look words up.
phones such as blackberrys, , and iphone all have internet built in.
my third reason i think computers have affect on people is it gives online games to little kids.
nowadays, computers have a major chance to do that to you.
do i believe that certian books should be removed from the library: yes and no.
i can admit that i've spent hours at a time on the computer.
most kids either use facebook, , or oovoo to comunicate.
would you feel you loved nature but could never find any amazing parks?
that means that so many people need to resourced foreign countries and need to use a computer to find out about it.
my final reason for why computers benefit what the help, overall in other situations used later rather thab just the computer.
unlike books, which you must find and buy, there is an enormous amount of information just a mouse click away!
if kids start toread horrible book and listen to bad music imagine what affect it might have on them in the world we live in today!
katherine paterson once said, 'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf.
this does not mean that we need to get rid of comedies just because that there are some people who dislike them.
other people can find out about places they might go.
some adults and mostly kids are not getting enough exercise, or even spending time with family.
also, these websites cause people to their social skills.
this is not always good.
for some you do have to be a certain age and that is because of the offensive material.
its a great story about what black poeple went through in earlier years.
from what i seen in my life about censorship is that they should not take stuff off of the shelf just because of its content.
everything is different now and people have become lazyier than ever before.
one way that people say computers effects people is that we don't exercise instead were attached to our computers.
people actually need the computer for their the new technology that is coming out is letting people interact with people across the world.
they even offered us tea.
along with that, they have online books, so if they forget their real ones, they can still do their homework.
another reason why in libraries certain materials shouldn't be removed is that by removing certain materials you would be interfering with education.
you have to be careful where you go when using the internet.
we all wore nice party dresses.
the native country of the ostrich is af-rica.
computers are only helful when your doing a report or something, important.
you want to be at home on a computer all day or you want to be high energized and spending quality time with family and friends?
although some say that computers aren't needed they help us throughout our lives.
although i don't believe libraries should remove them, but they should still watch who reads them.
the invention of the radio changed the world.
the effects it has could be significant.
for someone to take another persons right to read a book or watch a movie is wrong everyone has their own opinions and rights
so i think she is doing dishes i think the key bored will do much more damge and will effect you for the rest of your life.
the obesity level in is increasing, probable cause being over-usage of computers.
you could use , skype, oovoo, or even email.
dr. , from says, ""the computer is the main source of entertainment for most teens and adults.""
are of children who are addicted to computers.
after you hear this you might want agree with computers have a positive effect.
and when you're healthier, you're happier.
the person should just not read the book.
it does not have to mean that they are rascist or trying to offend you they would just like to learn more about our history.
this is one of my reasons why people don't use computers.
people call these buildings libraries.
others have different ideas.
computers aren't always bad.
there are many coordination games on the internet, like pinball of , that help build that up.
like my mom gives me a limited the computer my laptop has to be off on a school night.
you can lose yout spot, and some times you mark out the wrong spots on you map.
it should be obvious to who would find it offensive and who wouldn't should have the individual freedom to make decisions for themselves.
things like """" and ""facebook"" let us talk with each other.
continue reading to find out why.
imagen you are at the computer and your daughter said her first word won't you feel bad if you missed that?
everything is a personal opinion.
dear newspaper editor, i think that computers are for everyone.
you own a other people, and you all in diffreent country need a a video meeting.
another reason computers benifit society is because you can now pay bills and buy hings from the internet.
with a computrer you can talk and even have a face to face conversation with them.
this could make a child have in decide between a whole family to , friends, and family are essential in life, and computers put those in jeopardy.
so in conclusion i think that there good effects on people that use cpu.
but whats the problem here?
for example, the team manager of my soccer team always emails me times and locations of the next game or practice.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion i feel like to many people spend to much time on the .
said that the best form of modern communication is the computer because of the ability to write, talk, or write back for much cheaper!
and see nature its beauty?
for whoever reads this, remember what we produces as media is who we are, what we do , and what we live for.
we stayed these until the park closed.
one of the greatest pro about the internet is the vividsorce of information.
a major fault in computers is that you have to be indoors.
advances in cellular device has also kept families farmer & farmer apart.
an example to support my reason is that people from all parts of the world have families different places.
computers are great for communicating.
lastly, it let's people talk to far away relatives or family members online.
there are always ways to make both side of the situatation fair.
if they work on computers during a long period of the day, head home to spend more time on the computer, whats that doing to your body?
people all over the world are vastly different.
if you go back to the 's there music was about drugs as well and nobody ever had a problem about that.
they might cause you to talk to your .
i also talk to friends on facebook to ask what was the homework sometimes.
why computers should be used less frequently!
i hope people can get it through there head that they dont have to be on the comptuer .
thanks to the computer i got accurate information.
lastly everyone knows that in most classrooms can't afford one computer.
practice you the is considered one of the greatest countries in the world because it is a free country.
well, sounds like you need to work on your hand eye coordinator.
i'm you, a , needs a computer to work.
i do believe they are very handy.
a whopping of internet users use sites like or .
also, computers help you with because everytime you are on typing a random story it will fix your mistakes, and you will learn off of these mistakes.
computers some times take the place of humans in things such as 's, or unmaned airieal vehical and some many lifes too.
that you do.
theese effects are true but there are many other bad effects to that they dont like to say.
school officials have seen a dramatic increase in the typing speed of children since the program was started in .
instead of sitting around doing nothing, people can go on the computer and to many activities.
movies always have ratings, so staff could put anything rated or above on those shelves.
the computer or great way to find a job.
katherine paterson said 'all of us can think of a book that we hompe none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.
to add one final thing, would you tell everything you know to a five year old if you knew they would retain every word?
they take out certain scenes, or change a few words, but that doesn't change the movie.
more and more people are coming up with beter and faster computers.
i'm the kind of person that doesn't care about other peoples feelings.
we need to have faith in our kids that they will do what right.
newspapers provide news and information but a day or two late and they often use computers to aquire that information.
well, i've told you my main reasons why i think computers aren't such great things, they're not healthy, emotionally or physically.
avoid cigarettes, alcohol, drugs, and tobacco.
my parents gifted me a red bicycle and arranged a big party for me.
eventhough the story have some accounts that are not appropriate, it could be very influencial, and convince someone to make the right choice.
and what if you wanted to look for a myster book and only the library had that book you where looking for.
i'm talking about the people that don't work on computers.
using social networking sites like facebook and myspace, you can connect with your friends and chat with them for hours on end.
thirdly, they would check the weather in .
dear , i strongly believe that people should cut down on using the computer.
also there are online schoold that are affordable.
he's so on the .
why wait any longer?
on the occasion of the festival, he continues his duty for helping people to celebrate the occasion peacefully.
dear newspaper, i think people should use computers for spicific reasons.
that shoouldnt be seen or heard of but people listen and read it all the time no matter what it is.
computers are too useful.
for example: person doesn't have a phone, the person does not live close by & the person lives in another town.
for example, .
however, all there, could be prevented if people simply spent less time on the computer.
you can talk to them when they're out of town and have no cell-phone.
the rating system would decrease the complications and help others to be more free with their decisions
science can be man’s friend as well as an enemy.
they were nice and friendly.
people go on , , and search engines and a little more than half those site's results are fuke.
after all i am the parent right?
before much technology, people used to plant gardens, and trees, but now that thought hardly crosses our minds.
they help you get hand eye coordination, let you research something super quick, and let you stay in touch with far away friends and family.
there are rules now on things like that but it doesn't mean that underage children are still getting to see this kind of stuff.
so i think computers are a great machine for people to have.
lets say ' ' book sreies is in the library and thay have one of each book.
scientists say that of computer-users have fast internet, and they reccommend it to other, first-time buyers.
what if a fifth grader was to pick that same book up?
i recently waited to get to know a students better.
my father had some urgent business at jaipur.
i just think of every movie and book as just a movie and book.
this is, however, not nessessarally a good thing.
if its about adult relationships and the child takes it, then the parent should explain it all and tell them what is going on.
it is his duty to protect the life and property of the people.
these reletively new ""social networking series"" include facebook, twitter, and many more.
the more people get computers the people exercise.
our teachers today gives us many projects and assignments to learn about new things, and a great way to research our topic than on the computer.
you could read a book or draw.
every caring, loving human cares about spending time with their family.
this is one of the many perks of owning a computer.
seems to me that having computers around isn't everything that it's cracked up to be.
also most have been in sex education class.
a library is not a library wihout its books.
the time has come to tell the people computers are usefull to society.
if everyone took the books, music, and movies off the shelves that they didn't like, then all that would be left would be empty bookshelves.
many people believe that their children have a right to learn about all the things books can offer, but is that really such a good thing?
what do you do?
another example is if people read about someone doing drugs in a book, they want to try and experiment with drugs themselves.
just because it can offend someone doesnt mean you should take the opportunity to read away from the people it doesn't offend.
if we chat on facebook we doing our.
without coordination, people wouldn't be able to catch a ball, avoid certain dangers, or even stand.
it's clear to see that computers cause nothing but health problems, less time in your daily schedule and the money out of you pocket.
wikipedia and diccionary.com are great for learning.
as much as not enjoying nature upsets me, some people blow off their own family just to watch a re-run of family guy on youtube.
now we get to magazines.
an ideal citizen is a valuable asset to society.
i don't think censorship is right for our public libraries.
lastly they help people become less stressed by playing computers games.
your on the computer to much you want want to get exersce.
the last reason that supports the fact the computers are benefitial to the society is because computers help keep much of data.
furthermore, computers continue to help instead with store say keep friends i can talk with friends or family far away.
will create fewer arguments between adults and set an example for younger children who are observing their parents behaviors.
when i was in sixth grade i had to do a project on didn't know anything about him.
not all adults would understand both sides but i can see where both sides are coming from.
the neighbours say that this boy had killed a large number
it to help you to learn how to learn without looking at the keyboard.
if you find something offensive then dont pick it up, its that simple.
jump off a waterfall or go to the park let the wind hit your face.
quite often by the time their turn come it is time for closing.
it can be a different story if you went home sick from work/school and went on the computer.
computers the time they are, the earth might become even worse so they need to get educated on nature and the environment so they can.
a computer might save your life one day.
dear , of is all about computers.
in addition, people are becoming unable to envoy and appreciate nature while they still can.
the more they're going to be and the more lazy they're going to be.
this can improve foster writing, because you are moving the friend in your hand the same way you would move a mouse or type.
i hope many of you agree with my statement and help spread the word that computers could be positive on the mind.
they are not a waste of our time.
people that use computers mostly use it to connet with family do research, or to be neat and not write it on paper.
all this things factor in.
computers are great for everything.
and violence has a bad effect on children and teenagers.
meeting people over technology, especially for miners, is a huge risk.
i strongly feel that sites like these and many others have a negative impact on the public.
my last reason that computers are beneficial to or society is that they allow people to talk with other people.
my father filled up a from.
so you will have to wait.
young kids and teens can always find things that they should notat certain ages, but why not make it less by not letting a library be censorshiped?
such as a book, magazine, music album, or a movie.
that is why i think you should keep computers and not exercise as much.
you can see the towns and so much more.
educating a child is to bring an all-round development of a child’s personality.
of people at new york tech school agreed but did not could you immagin a world with out computers.
this problem can be directly attributed to the statistic that on average, spend and a half hours a day on the computer.
the helps them speak to others that they normally couldn't have a conversation with.
with material far away, people can be reassured in small towns that material will never upset their community.
and some people do find that person that they been looking for.
today every family has a house of their own.
you can learn about someone and become friends and hang out a lot.
people do job reports on .
i know i won't let me kid read a book like that.
i think they are a great addition to society though.
the touchy one.
have you ever been offended by a movie, book, song, or magazine?
in facts, to , a local business "","" in our job, we continuously we work with.
computers can relay information at practily the speed of light.
computers have fasinating things to show and inform.
some say that the computers are good for the society.
so stop reading and use a computer!
then i learned about .
yes, i think that some books should be taken out of all libraries.
did you know that teenagers who use computers often when compared to those who don't, have increased test scores?
i personally think that a young adult should be able to read any book or news article that they wish to.
maybe what you can do is let them use the computer but they can use it outside only if its a laptop.
like to all kinds of books and some dont even like to .
i know many people think how come using a computer is not safe.
that was one great comment from time.
everyone loves having a computer, but have you ever thought what it can do to you?
if the learning material a book offers 'outweighs' the negative effects the book have on a student, then the book should be available for students to read.
without computers, things like looking for jobs would require a lot more work than they do with them.
and thats where i stand on terms of the endless knowledge, online communities, and just plain fun of the computer.
need to shut down these computers so can start excersising, enjoying nature, and interacting with our families.
the whole screen thing brings me to my next point.
second, this can be there for purpose.
w are lucky that we live in a world with such a good teacher of hand-ey coordination.
now thanks to the new computer more organized a nasa is running on mars.
i thought everyone was treated by equal rights.
in , in my opinion i think computers have helped our society over the years, but other people think differently.
kid's will read these over any learning or interesting book.
where would the goverment store their information?
for example, if you have a project due on the , then most likley you're probably not going to know much about it.
if the parents are sending their child to school and they don't want them to hear about it then don't send them to school!
macs also share good stuff such as the finder, safari, dashboard, etc, so thats all i have to say about .
the young girl grew up with the dream of being daddy's little girl.that's all she wanted out of life.
they should have a different store for certain books.
so they don't get exercis like other people do.
also, typing papers on computers is becoming the new of hand writting.
this is a great way to catch up with old friends from highschool or college, or plan a big event while being relaxed at home.
some audiences feel that the removal of offensive material is good because it shields the ears of those who cannot handle the verbage or context.
overall, computers are the best thing that has ever happened to mankind.
from magazine articles, books, and even songs explict lanuage and graphic scenes are almost everywhere.
many evil practices have come into existence because of it.
in conclusion, computers can have a very negative effect on people.
that's just there opinion on things and you can't always get what you want, so just deal with it.
i find computers as a great addition to society because they play a big role in jobs around the country and in addition display accessible information to the ?
in , everyone eats spicy food.
the foods eaten there and what the weather is like.
a computer has information about anyone you chance.
she bites her lip, trying to decide wether to go see her, or have an online chat.
how impressive would that be?
computers can help you with as well.
for example say you have a turkey in the oven and your so in the computer you forget all about it until the fire alarm goes off.
so yes, take the offensive books off and there will be no problems.
i think that books or magazines or movies with '' content should be removed from libraries if they see it fit.
when you are on the computer for more than minutes ayou start to get lazy and not wanting to get up.
and, here are reasons why, people are spending less time exercising, people not enjoying nature, and less time interacting with family and friends.
i participate in this school wide challenge beacause i disagree with banning books.
in libraries, some movies arn't allowed to be rented by a younger person.
the internet was not just created for the heck of it.
they also might like to learn things that they never thought about learning.
she even admits that being on a computer is better than being outside with friends.
, i feel that it is our job to tell the people of the negitive side effects of computers.
is this what you want every home to start looking like?
then there are other books that people just need to be more mature about like history books talking about wars, slavrey and books with curse words in them.
after you've won your baseball game, it's time for homework, and guess what?
't you want to have his job?
reduced stress trading to confidence effect on society.
school, family, and sports is my always tells me.
say no computers.
with more and more people using computers.
many experts agree that computers are the learning cause of obesity.
besides interfering with our computers do the same with education.
so, run, ing, walk the dog, go to a gym instead of sitting at the computer.
you can't get a job by instant messaging a person, you have to talk face to face.
this game has an online system where you can talk to and play against people all around the world.
but breaking the movie is just putting other people that want to see it put because noe htey can't because it is broken.
yes, the cons can be annoying & sometimes serious.
i dont think we should get rede of computers but we should spend least tine as we do know.
not only can you talk with family, you can talk to friends.
i believe that computers help as much more than hurt.
most games you can daunloads and are free.
finaly if they band books for being offense then they would not have a libary.
if someone is searching for a book of that kind, they can travel to a sex store somewhere nearby and get their fix of sexual reading pleasure.
for example on my last research project for social studies i used the computer and got an a. this made me happy so in effect it makes society happy.
all they would have to do is set a time limit on their computer and only use it for work otherwise.
the internet, a marvelous created years ago .
these are a few reasons i think computers put a positive effect on people.
for example my friend amor, when we were best freinds and we were in third grade, he had to move to .
computers play a large part in the of the world.
even though it disrcimanting against me, i could still love the book.
also, research for school could not be done without the internet.
i have read books that people have told me were not appropriate, and then nothing bad was in there.
this could help you learn about other cultures, places, or something as simple as what is creampie.
i can't say it nicely.
it gives them short cuts through life.
so, if every author wants to express something through their writing, then why should we not let them be heard.
these methods of communication have become extreamly popular recently, and i myself use both.
use it to befit you, and to help you not to kemp you from getting bord.
kids can't be sheltered their whole lifes, they need to face reality and books are a good source of that.
you need to be doing three things, enjoy nature spending time with family and friends and most importantly, exercise.
finally my last reason, its not only educational its also fun.
as , a writer for the .
or you could just be keeping up with the need on yahoo.com.
do you seriously want to be the last one left behind?
with todays magazines, the writers will make people look like something they really are not just to make them look good.
all you need is your friends email adress and you can send them anything from a friendly hello, to pictures of the family.
an example is that if you don't know if something is right or wrong you could look it up and it help you.
it was never a problem for me because i loved to read.now there are some books that libraries should take off the shelves.
in moder afoot kids, teens, and even adult computers to look up things that they don't understand.
this form of technology is called the computer.
some street beggars are very clever.
magazines about how we sex and kill each other.
therefore i believe games are harmful habit to young .
so with that, i wouldn't take anything off the shelves because everything appeals to someone in one way or another.
you think this won't happen to your child, but my friend was being stalked online by someone what they haven't caught.
overall the choice is the computers user, not the computer, so when used in discretion, computos contribute greatly to society.
now lets see the benifits and problems we come so far on how we handle money.
computers allow fun, communication, educational purposes, and work uses.
plus, most people can't afford these downloads after buying themselves a pricy computer.
among many deabted materials, movies have ratings, just as music has 'bleeps'.
another reason why spending so much time on the computer is bad is that you don't interact with your family and friends.
you won't be dissapointed.
dear newspaper , you know that over of own computers?
the good thing about computers is that it teaches you hand-eye coordination which helps you see better with your eyes.
it was a big red vehicle.
in strong opinion computers are better for the world.
so get off your computers go out side and stay fit!
i also feel like censorship is making people soft because everything is censored and when people get into the real world they get hit hard.
second, there was a friend you haven't seen in years and you want to talk, you can go on the computer.
there are loads of harsh things in the world, its impossible to just edit them all out
also, secretaries they have asign dates their bosses.
take my friend for example.
, computer can take over some people's likes, they will neglect school and other important things like homework or studing credting weaker minds for out future.
looking up ways to burn fat fast and diet programs.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
i feel this way because, to many people sit infront of computer instead of getting up & being active.
go out and have a marvelous day.
it was sunday.
three main reasons are that people learn more about cultures, places, and some people work online.
in doing so i believe that only that certain item should be taken away from that certain group of people.
as a little kid you might not know what that is but all you have to do is pick up and read.
he don't do his homework on time.
to me, computers are helpful, yet extremely vile.
computers make things a lot easier for a lot of people.
now you are being asked to spread the word about how great computers are and how vital they are to ensuring a better future.
i looked at and i said, ''d you give that to her?'
you could research a lot of things on them.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers have a good effect on people.
i hope you agree with me also, and should think that computer technology is a good idea for everyday for lots of reasons.
computars can provide useful information in the real world.
have you ever got upset when treing to look for a peice of in formation in a book?
the technological breakthrough of the known as computers allow interaction with other people as well as learn of distant lands.
did you know that of electricity in goes to computer?
this is just a way to protect the minds of young ones, which are like little sponges soaking everything they see or hear up.
whether you want your kids seeing it or not you just cant do it.
alot of people would disagree that computers are benefiting people.
more and more people get computers everyday.
at this age kids/teens should be partying with friends and not gossiping online.
finally, the internet is a great way for the miltary to recuit soldiers.
magazines, i look at alot of magazines my self but there all like coonhunting magazines or four-wheeler ones lookin for tires or somthing like that.
another way is you can ask your parents the name of someone and type there name in google.com.
most modern day businesses are run by computers.
you watch many of your favorite movies watch funny obeses on the internet via .
offensive media is everywhere.
dear , a recent study by scientists shows that too much sitting down, especially in front of computers is dagerous to health.
dear, who ever this concerns some people are to obssesed with computers.
therefore they began to build houses.
when i was i use to get mad at everything if i couldn't use the computer, it was like i was a brat.
when you make long distant calls, it can be very costly, but video chat won't cost a penny out of your pockets!
we do not need things like that in our world.
as you can see computers have a positive effect.
kids spend too much time on computers.
i believe the computer is critical for success and happiness in life.
they can teach us about things.
so as you can see computers aren't safe in a lot of ways.
lets be honsest some adults and kids hand writing is like chicken scrach so to say.
in my oppenion offensive books, music and movies should stay in libraries.
computers are abuse take them out of your child's life, or atleast limit them.
this in turn will create a different mind set for the young reader.
he teaches many classes.
all these cons can't be blamed on computers, because its the people that decide how much they're used, not the computer.
on a recent poll of peopel went on a hike after seeing a youtube video about how great it is to get outside.
now that i am old enough to understand what was going on in that book, i realize that i lost some of my innocense because of it.
for example in the book '' its offensive to gays and one gets killed.
it comes back to what i was saying before, you can't just make a section for these books and say the heck with it.
another reason why computers benifit society is that they help you interact with people.
'to a ' is an amazing book and every kid should read it so they can learn.
it has made our society different in many ways.
also, teachers use it to help them teach classes and prepare materials for it.
if you controlled what everyone read, no one would be happy and their brain wouldn't function correctly.
absoarb everything about the nature.
this is a much easier way to hear goverment statements than waiting through endless commercials to hear speeches on the .
dear, editor of the .
whether it or , or whether its or all are a great way to communicate with people.
lean , a nature expert says that of people who lose interest is because they don't know any new places to go.
its not only one person to decide that.
no one can blame the authors.
if it weren't for the computer we might have packed the wrong items.
there are things like books that talk about sex.
all you have to do is manage your time.
then don't shelter them from everything.
in couentry i would write out my final draft.
computers open many great oppertunities for people.
you can be facing serious danger, and your brain is not getting the exercise it needs.
dear , i am a student and i hear that some people think it is good to use computers and others think that its a waist of time.
in many sports you need hand-eye cordination.
a recent study showed that of children are obeased because of computer games.
the veterans then might want the movie taken of the shelves.
do you have a kid, a younger friend, or even a younger brother and sister?
there are big playgrounds on two sides and a beautiful garden in front.
the computer is also to everyday life and is very useful for learning new things about far away places and people.
dear readers, i understand that some think computers can effect peoples' lives.
and you can take online classes.
most people use some kind of computer to talk, chat, and text.
but why waste enemy going to travel agency when in the internet instead say travel agent .
the time has come to take a stance.
they communicate there more than they could without computers.
i wish only to be a scholar and i am glad, i am trying hard for the same.
i sat under a shady tree.
the music of today's is very offensive, but the it!!!!!
people like to listen to music on their or while exercising but you need the computer to put music on it.
this problem is specially for teens.
in conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people.
you can even chat online with friends or maybe find long lost friends.
dear local newspaper, i see why some people think that computers and technology are bad for society, i on the other hand strongly disagree with them.
mom's will say this to childeren at least once as week, the answer that is common is ""!""
through hard work, man progresses and the country progresses.
computers let you talk to family and friends around the world.
have you ever seen a crazy person walking around saying odd or unique theories?
that wouldn't happen if they had computers.
as for myself i am one of those on the side of which is for computers.
dear i think it's a good thing that people spend so much time on computers.
they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people.
without this valuable exercise more people are .
dear newspaper of , the use of the computer is a controversial topic.
i think this messing people up.
imagine there was no computer for them to use.
have you ever been to a library?
but, come on, do you really think a book could cause a problem?
almost all means of communication can be done with a computer.
sounds to me like computers have a positive effect on people.
he has failed in the eight class three times.
therefore, computers are, without-a-doubt, hurting our nation because of false facts.
censorship is not a solution to discrimation or anger, it is only a fuel.
what's a child without it's ?
there be an about of date map but this is easily solved with live satelite maps.
i for one completely agree with this quote.
also not everything on the internet is true so you might have false information.
finally, having an e-mail is free so you can talk all you want.
its your choice what to get not theirs.
""spending time with the family is fun cause you get to go places,"" said .
because they don't live close enough to visit daily.
it was great fun.
kids are on the computer playing games, moms finding a resipe online to make dinner, and dad is buying another stock online.
almost of people in other countries be very lonely because all they is play on the computer and forget about other people.
it is easy to assume just to take a book off the shelve because it's offensive to you, but what happens when we allow this to everyone?
i would be too.
for example, facebook, myspace, and twitter.
before my uncle went to , he wanted to learn about their culture.
a few examples are you could learn about places you didn't know about by searching on google.
music and movies are not that hard to control from them getting into the wrong hands.
i think this gives students a wrong idea and sence of reality.
last but not least out of every households have at least one computer.
there was a great rush at the stop.
nature is good smells good, looks good, and computers make people stay inside all day!
having good hand-eye coordination is a critical part of driving, and many other tracks we perform throughout the day.
first reason is, that many jobs in the state, or nation use a computer.
after reading this essay, i hope you realized that computers are bad for you in various ways.
censorship acceptions should definetley be held in certain circumstances such as on a children's television network or a school library.
this game teaches you geoagrahy while you have fun.
from reading online news to watching movies and listening to music computers entertain all of us.
in my opinion, censorship in libraries, whether by government, or other civilians, should be allowed.
in america theres only is nature with nice forest but as people reporduce more will be gone forever due to expantion.
especially benefit from computers because they teach them hand-eye coordination which is great for those homeruns, or even touchdowns!
you would feel dissapointed because you loss your best friend over a computer.
computers allow you to comunicate with your friends, family and relatives.
a company can reach out and contact their customers to reschedule an appointment, give receipts, advertist and many other things.
i for one, think that this is a terribly made thought.
it is was changes countries and makes them different, it gives them there own culture which we can share with each other.
violence they say is cursed by the games but they use test subjects like an the bad people you dont want to meet.
computers are good were ever you go, it can look up for a project for school.
people are saying that computers dont benifit people.
although, some people think computers take up too much of our time and that it prevents society from interacting with friends and family.
well now this is more than possible through the advances in technology.
you could work at a restaurant that has regular food or fast food service.
first of all.
so being on the computer does not make you smarter.
i think we would all believe the same way when we say that kids do not need to be seeing these things.
text books, calculators, and even homework are online.
maybe it's because it helps students study.
what happens if a hurricane is abroad, and a family has no idea of its presence?
of course she didn't worry because according to her he seemed a nice guy so she gave him her number.
students also use computers to look up information.
and of my grade in math is homework i've gone from a to a +.
instead of picking up a book you can go online.
videos you can watch all the time with no ads to interupt you can pause the video too.
for example, when you use a computer you dont need to look at your hands while you use the mouse.
censorship is just basically saying; 'you can not say this.'
instead of sending letters to people by mail, now a days people use e-mails and instant message.
computers do not effect me in a horrible way because it helps 'me get my work done faster.
computers are not worth your children at.
the computer has allowed people to have a conversation without a phone or being in person.
many programs let you to people through the internet.
computers let us keep in touch with others.
they also are incredibly out of shape.
many kid's draw disrespectful things in them.
people are spending to much time on them; not enjoying the outdoors, and are taking away time to spend with friends and family.
you can look into going there for vacation or doing a report.
if you have to look up a new country, look at far away colleges or find out about the world, why not visit your handy computer?
books are a form of history, each telling a story from the past.
i think things should have to be very offensive to pull them off the shelves.
dear , i have learned that some experts say that people spend too much time on computers when they could be excercising or with friends and family.
i mean i believe him because its true kids dont get up.there missing a nice day out would you wanna miss a nice sunny day?
i used the computer in the dark so now i need contacts.
off of the shelves
if you get rid of those materials you should probably get rid of your internet too.
the second reason is you can learn about far away places and people.
reason why i think you have family from far away.
also if they have nervous parents, the library could get some calls.
of said they used a computer to comunicate with other people.
second, the computer gives the ability to talk with friends and family.
i herd that criss rock almost died.
playing games on the computer can be a nice way to relax.
furthermore, computer games are made to be addicting, which causes to sit in front of the computer instead of excercising.
many parents would call the school and explain what happened and complain about banning this book and taking it away from children that could get this book.
the internet is d fast d simple way to shorten the time spent doing activites we would already do.
this lack of exercise can lead to obesity.
if one needed directions to a place or if one wanted to know how to do something would show how to.
this also gives kids lots of things to do on a rainy day.
thats why most people are not healthy because of computers.
also, a class that at .
i do not think that anything is really offincive so i wouldn't really care what they have on the shelves.
then i study for some time.
a very big one!
these includes that computers improve hand-eye coordination, provide abundant information, and allow people to talk online.
i think this because many people have different kinds of interests in many things they love doing.
if a child experiences these things to soon, they will want to simply repete what they saw.
do you know where your family comes from?
consequently, i did not play as well; missed a lot of passes and shots.
why stop some one from getting smarter?
if people didn't get to listen to, read, or watch the things that they like they would be screwed and very upset.
but computers can do anything!
those things are part of the world today and everyone needs to face that reality.
speech on: if i were the principle of my school
to start, computers are helping many people with their hand eye coordination.
so, i'm saying, please, keep the computers.
also you wont really need a cell phone because you can do everything that can do quicker on a computer anwway.
and they should be going outside end running around.
he will thank god through prayer for all his blessings.
computers do help you.
you can't expect a child to make the right decision and tell their they have to go because they need to study.
please listen to why i disagree here are some reason why.
i say this is because of the censorship in libraries.
even if it is offensive it can teach someone wrong from right.
most of someones life can be saved to the computer.
without computers it will be different because you have to talk to people on the phone or text message.
because people with jobs most of the time have use or have computer.
nothing that is what we could .
it is better to go outside you got fresh air its nice and cold.
invitations, announcements, and just a quick "hello" can all be done by .
someone become offened by what they read in a book, but i don't think that book should be taken off the shelf becuase of one person.
sometimes we relate to them or in my case art such as music is what makes me feel better when i am hurt.
the reality is that computers and the world-wide-web is seem and used everywhere.
yes books can give you tons of information, but not as much as the thousands of websites there are out there right this minute.
someone get offended by talking about ones race, another get offended by talking about and someone even get offended if you talk about their cute little kitty cat.
these are just very few things that can happen.
thinks that the same book that hated is a great book.
when people turn on the computer because they are bored, it wastes electricity that doesn't need to be used.
as an using as well in school.
first of all, it's about the obesity percentage in .
a street hawker carries his things on his head.
also i know we are apart of nature, and nature is part of our society, but the seasons change and it's lots od bad weather.
something you can see your family for webcam.
computers help people save money by talking on the computers with friends, family and even co-workers.
or possibly you could be talking to some of your really close friends who live just across town.
they play a big role in society.
people all over the world use computers for something important, in case of emergency and much more.
if all you do is sit on the computer all day, your going to be someday.
they allow people to learn many new skills, get important work done, and even socialize!
sometimes politics have a say in this.
with the advent of social media, we now have thriving communities of people that want their voice to be heard, and people are listening.
my opinion is to let them stay.
now you be thinking; doesn't this idea take away from the liberties that libraries give us?
so i believe instead of wasting time on the computer we should go and interact with family and friends.
i don't believe computers are a good thing because people don't excersise like they did.
so, i do not find it right for them to take away things that are ofensive to some people.
i think that it should be a limeit for when people go on the computers.
would have died.
dear local newspaper, i think more people shouldn't spent time on their computer.
books of racism, religion, and sexual content intrigue a person's mind, or otherwise disgust one's.
so if you eat and use the computer all day your not really burning any calories therefore you will gain weight.
i'm a sports fan so i play a lot of sports.
modern city life is just like a contest with so much of rush and stress.
you also have to think how would that affect the business of stores, libraries, and other businesses.
learning is a good thing for adults an children.
if libraries did do censorchip it would deny us our rights and freedom to speek our minds clearly without a haze being placed to confuse it.
most importantly will not only benefit you but will mean a lot to your family so what are you waiting for?
this shows how much people communicate over the computer using, facebook, , and much more.
or you can even webcam and actually see the person face to face!
another bad thing about the computer is that it replace exercise.
the internet also is a valuable research tool.
the computer makes this easier for us to do.
the argument continued.
there are many reasons wht the computer is inportant.
don't you see all the good uses for computers?
my dad is a environmentalist and he uses computers.
i suggest that people listen to it because it is very realistic in ways.
and for adults when you work with big companies you work with people all around the world.
to begin with, people need to spend more time with family and friends rather than on the computer.
the same thing applies in a store.
the social networks that modern technology promotes harvest cases like 's.
some people never have the opportunity to go to places like or , but with the computers it's almost like they have been there.
statics show that people would rather spend more time on the computer talking to people or listening to music than spend time with there own children or parents.
my three reasons are that people are not interacting with friends and family, not enjoying nature and getting less exercise.
spending time enjoying nature is good computers have benfits society better.
all these ways and more that computers have impacted us.
also they don't get enough fresh air.
many experts, such as , say that a person can become depressed from not interacting with friends and family.
this is not a posiitve way for their life.
computers can teach go about culture and life that you didn't even know excisted.
in conclusion, computers impact proper in many positive ways.
it was very difficult for all three of us to spend that night without our dear mother.
when their playing tag and hide an go seek , so movies, books , music, and magazines play a big part on the way they behave.
without computers, this couldn't be possible.
in conslusion, computers have a great affect on people.
doctor of university says ""computers now offer programs that allow busy to learn a new skill, of currently use this software. ""
made you can talk pictures and make a scrap book out of the pictures.
science also benefits from computers.
they give a look of cheapness.
when you play those games you keep your hand on the mouse or keyboard and your eyes on the screen.
should books, movies, magazines etc., be removed from shelves if they are found offensive.
thank you for taking your time and reading i really appreciate it.
race is anouther big deal.
some people would probably think ' its only a childrens book.
children shouldnt be exposed to certain things.
it is great.
having music, magazines movies or books that aren't appropriate for children should just be put into a different section, not taken away from those who enjoy it
generally this is not the case.
you can tell someone what is going on and call the cops.
these are merely a few ways that the internet helps with schooling.
i have read about children and adults deing from using the computer to much.
e-mailing is a good to talk so some one far away and it's a lot faster than just regular old mailing.
millions of people read and listen to those materials every day.
i for one agree computers are helpful because, they help you learn about new things, talk to people around the world, and try new things.
also in censorship we would be exterminating our freedom of speech and the freedom to express ourselves.
if they do not like what they see, then put it down.
local library closes at pm.
think about how many times you've used or to search something you didn't know the answer to.
burning books is a bad way to destroy the foundations of the human mind.
i clould talk to them.
they sprayed water on the house.
some computers even have built in cameras that lets you hold conversations with peers through the computer while seeing each other.
i rushed for rescue.
or they just do't feel comfortable.
on the other side though, a lot of people use a computer for work and school.
did you know that of children in are overweight because of a lack of exercising?
i say this because most people don't get enough exercise.
“live as if you were to die tomorrow; learn as if you were to live forever.”
books now have a lot of crude text and humor.
email and have only given us a decrease in our already terrible communication skills.
they looked really good it was an action type movie, so i asked the boy if i could see the movie really fast.
thats the first thing a teenager does right when they get home from school.
that's like saying that your favorite color is lime green because thats 's favorite color.
facebook is a website that people use to communicate.
they all have a learning process.
rather than talking to complete strangers go over to your friends house.
i say this because some people get addicted to computer games, or talking to your freinds the whole day.
myspace is a website that's all about talking with your friends.
there will definitely be some people like that.
look for the good in situations.
computers also help teachers.
music is the same way all music now days might have some offensve words in them thats just something people now days have to get over.
find something to do other than play games on the computer.
unfortunately most newspapers have vested interests.
it just means they have different beliefs.
my neighbour’s twelve year old son is a cripple.
magazines and journals are kept on the tables.
the cyclist fell down.
first up, books in the library.
so to avoid all of the fighting and lawsuits and other humiliation against you and the other minorites.
access to a computer can really help people inso many different ways, mainly about the world.
dear i think that people are spending to much time on there computers and not exercising as they're supouse to do every day.
you can do on the wikepedia to help find information about the battle of and other important history.
obesity usually happens when you eating food, but it can also ahppen by not eating and not exercising.
go outside and have fun and happy memories with your family.
, out of people surveyed in , agree that the use of computers benefits society.
as much as they should get information on it, have there parents pick out what book they should read to find out about that kind of thing.
people use them to talk to friends and family online.
either way if you decide to take all the music and censor it out or if you do the same things to all the books and movies, etc.
we have to ask our selves these questions.
also, spending to much time on the computers and others things then taking time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
they can show children inapropriat pictures and talk about inapropriat topics.
she is the healthiest person i know and rarely spends anytime on the computer.
people who don't like to use and e-mail "" not use a phone or even talk to them in person.""
dear editor the source, , i have noticed that many people have been spending too much time using their computers.
would have just kept failing her time-saving computer.
this led to many bake sales and fund raisers.
also you can learn about new places if you ever want to move to another country.
anything in the library shouldn't be removed, just because you didn't like it doesn't mean that somebody else will find it interesting.
without them, we would quickly find life to be much harder and less fun to navigate.
dont make any decitions before thinking about these effects on people.
the man continues his quest to know more about the planets.
there is no reason to remove a material just for the oppinion of one person or even the oppinion a a group of people.
you could even play hide and seek with your friends even tag.
i have a few reasons why this is a good thing.
there from the small we are able that computers are for from addicting.
are computers the cause of increased awkwardness in today's society.
it's good for education mind exercise and communication all over the world.
like if you have a that to like you can to online and you can talk to them.
i do not agree with that being sluck to the computer like is to chese.
in just hour i visited right from my very own house!
new websites, chatrooms, games and much more.
if this was done everyone would have a book to read a magazine to look at music to listen to and a movie to watch
why is there so much obesity in the world nowadays?
business also use webchatting, as i previously state, for conference calls.
they are posted in different parts of the country.
so we need to be the first people to stop this befor it forms bad.
one of my examples of why i disagree is because they give a person the ability to talk to someone.
i once knew a woman who would never allow her son to watch the series because of the use of sorcery.
you are just one step closer to death.
there also can be villons and some swaring not a lot though.
we all have a right to learn, to explore new ideas, and to expand our minds.
just ask my super smart english teacher ""she say that chess build's character and strength your mind.
i believe that people should be more aware of the time they are in the computers.
first, the computer's are'nt just for talking about!
i think that theyare making people missing out of new things, missing out of meeting new people, and looking out on exercize.
show them respect and play something everyone can have fun with.
you can tell, thanks to the computer we talk more to his parents than he used to!
if you take every offensive book of the the shelf then you will not learn from the other mistakes it has taken on other peoples lives.
not only will it tell you news in your erea, but will tell you about that devastating earthquake in .
this is because people think different things are offensive so what somebody thinks is offensive it not be to another person.
it would not have something little children would want.
while the blank screen of a computer distract some, the benefits defin out weigh the bads in a situation like this.
if you need information on anything you can search it.
each generation of men dies but its thoughts and knowledge that pass from age to age and faithfully kept.
all of this is possible and much quicker then watching the news or weather channel.
internet usage needs to be cut down to sites.
lot of people need to lose weight or need to go outside more to the real world.
you would use the computer to live chat with her so you wouldent have to drive all the doun there.
their strong points are communication and the ability to gain knowledge quickly.
finally, people have the ability to type on a program if they wanted to type a letter or story.
parents should feed kids 'imagination' and not feed their 'image'.
now you decide what your views are on censorship in libraries
in foot ball catching helps to teach the skill but makes you up on the ground after being by someone potentially yourself.
my reasons being people are spending to much time on their computers, less time exercising, and lose interacting with family and friends.
writing is a way to express one's thoughts and ideas on a page.
my opinion on the effects computer have on people.
computers are used world wide everyday, and most of the time is used for a good reason.
this is unacceptable on a person why we should be prohibited in computers.
another reason is that computers can't physically help us and make us active.
that skill would be lost and you would have to learn it again.
products like skpe, video chat , aim and email allow people to have a conversation online.
i dont know about you guy's but i'd much rather take college in the own comfort of my home then drive to a campus all the time.
but the computer can give you the news in an article then show you it in a video.
but, the books, movies, music, or magazines that are felt like they are offensive should be move to a certain area in the library
my third example is how the experts say that people are spending to much time on the computer and less time interacting with family and friends.
it affects interacting with family, and puts hates in family bonds: computers haved negative effect on people.
i believe that sometimes magazines need to be censored because they are promoting bad habits for people all across the and other people around the world.
computers are a very helpful piece of technology that have helped me, and so many other people keep in touch.
dear , 's society is much more different from what it was like twenty years ago.
if lawmakers give in to the complaints of a few people it could hinder a students rights and make students believe that they are not trusted.
thank you for reading my paper.
its not only kids either that are affected, adults also are affected by the media.
the man got to see his newborn baby and his wife.
the internet is a easy way to do research.
they are electronic, which means no paper.
webcam is face to face interacting which givs off the effect of talking in person: benefit is that communicates over the computer doesnt cost a thing.
if you send by mail, take at least days.
from quotes, ""i always use computers for my work because it helps me learn about many new things.
computer can have every game you want they have kid games, year old sister goes on to the games that you can match.
you can learn about different people, talk to your friends, and you can search and learn about different places arounf the world.
computers are consuming the lives of everyone.
a teenager goes into the to look up a book, they should be able to go to a section for teens and get a book on there topic.
censorship should be a matter of the private, not public sphere.
i believe kids should have the right to stay on the computer as long as they desire.
some don't like reading anymore because they rather play games.
one day i shall fulfill my dream and become a pilot.
for example fly a plane.
libraries are really for learning and not to offense anybody in any manner.
in addition, from using computers for jobs, some people like to chat online with a friend that move away.
more than the state citizens own a facebook or myspace.
people do not exercise enough, strain their eyes, and have less interaction with real people.
there is two big problem with computers its called plagarism.
i read an article about banning '' from schools, i didn't think that would be a good idea. ''
you will be amazal how much information the computer has.
lastly, people say that computers create great hand-eye coordination.
computers are dangerous to 's well-being.
not only did he practice baseball but also typing.
first off, i do like censorship laws to an extent.
computer have deprived everyone of the outside.
if they do not want to buy it then they should simply move on to another shelf or to a completely different store.
i'll always a positive thing, using this right way.
the web site listed above can really make you forget about reality.
in order to help the wee-being of people, we need to realize the negative effects of computers!
then, you get a new phone number and forget other people number.
how would you feel if one of your favorite books or magazine were taken off the shelves of all the libraries?
they will give directionn to places or help people with reading, computers are entertianing and fun.
also, their weight breaks down and ruins roads, which in turn cost more tax money.
for instance they are entertaining, they have communication, and they help make designs.
sometimes, though cellphones lose signal.
people need to see how beautiful our world is if we really want to save it.
any book store you walk into, you can find a bible or a book on atheism or even ',' which focuses on .
one other way to speak to others, more for business reason, is .
it seems as if there is a new invention that atracts many people to buy all the time.
someone can take it upon them selves to ,in their mind, 'make the piece better for viewing'.
kids use them to talk with friends, make plans, and catch up relatives.
also some have racism things in it that you don't like.
loving family and friends of course!
at best, they were taught how to write a letter, managing household accounts and reading the scriptures.
another reason why i think is if your friend is explaining something to you, that your.
dear all computer lovers, i do think you are all spending too much time on the computer.
instead, people deside to go on a rampage against that magazine or whatever they read and what it banned for life from others to read.
why would people intend to take away something as important and useful as a computer?
if someone has a cousin distance country they can still keep in touch 's the sam for a friends who moved.
their attention is more on the watch than what the teacher is trying to teach.
hopfully i have encouraged you to not use computers as much and go have fun with your family.
letters take forever to write and if you mess up you have to start over.
from then on i typed like that.
now you should understand im coming from.
then there is stuff that nobody should listen to, or for that matter even sing about like almost all music.
without computers it would be almost impossible to meet people from far away and talk to them so easily.
communication was absolutely not as easy before having computers.
from a survey of children that spend more time on computers are better at tennis, and at baseball then others.
by using computers people don't have enough exercise, aren't enjoying nature, and spend less time with family.
many people will say the same that i've said.
anyone could easily search all that stuff on the internet and know exactly where your next game be.
we can take out books, magazines, movies and etc... that are really bad for our mind.
what my family believes in not be the right thing in another familys view.
some even give computers to kids so they can use it to study.
for example if you had to type something up you would of have to used a type writer and those things are hard to use.
every school is different.
dear , to begin, i understand that people don't like computers because they are over used.
all you have to do is put what you want to sell online or look online what you want to buy.
it should not be a big deal on what there about.
i don't think the books seem to be affensive as much as graphical.
more and more people are using computers daily basis, but i do not agree that this is benefiting our society.
typing is a important skill to master, if you are a good typer you can do things much more efficient then you would on paper.
many people are too focused on the internet and they lack on their normal activities.
i think computer have shaped to what it is today.
lastly, internet, people would do for less traveling.
some students rely on there technology to work orthey will fail.
to begin with on a computer you can have a lot of fun by playing games.
i was waching discovery chanel and it said that most kids are spending hours on the computer and less than hour on studying or homework.
i mean seriously, if you play computer games you can have fun while knowing your going to make your doctor happy.
so i use computer, parents and i now communicate more than we used to.
it is a safe and easy way to buy food online to then have it delivered not only, but of americans with computers have paid their taxes online.
i was reading a book that was talking about how they think it okay to act rascist aganist other people and say mean thing and call them bad name.
sure, there are cellphones and other helpful electronics, but they always prove trustworthy?
when using email the person recieving the email can reply when they howe free time.
can be derined as rude or nasty teasing over the .
computers are an essential learning tool for school system today.
it can be also be when you steal and say its yours.
if a reader discovers a book is offensive they should know to stop reading not finish the book then complain about offensive material.
everything that was on was not as bad in my opinion.
parents might also just let their children read it and explain why they don't approve.
there are a kitchen, a bathroom and a storehouse in our house.
now we havethin and small portable computers.
why do you think it's called the @caps2 ?
can also talk to her cousins, and , that live in .
when you go to a library you think its going to be a place that is a good influence.
the person does not have his or hers phone.
it is all about what you as a reader is comfortable with.
in basketball you should dribble and look ahead.
censorship can take some of the stress off of some parents' backs.
people get addicted to them everyday.
i know that i talk to my friends in all the time, but not on the telephoone.
video chatting used only way to stay in touch but also you just talk even wihtout a computer.
parents sometimes don't do anything about it because they they have the same problem.
secondly, everyone would agree that friends are essential in life.
you can go on the computer and learn about it.
well its not; banning books, music, etc.
the parents do nothing because they do not care about their own child.
and the libraries letting kids read them without an i.d because they are for adults reading sections.
there is a certain amount of responsibility when it comes to censoring all the different types of media and literature.
for example, there is a website (www.canadamaps.org) and this website has a map and students have to match the place/area onto the map.
a few seconds after you begin talking you're interrupted by a loud !
all i am trying to get at is that good books with bad language should not be censored just because of some of the words it has in it.
they act rashly and then repent.
i believe that computers are one of mankind's best technologies.
some say you can enjoy nature and explore new places online, and yes you wouldn't you want to do it first-hand?
if the ball crosses the boundary line, the game is started again.
it is all according to you own personal opinion.
books and music have bad language but very rarely have bad images or other things like that.
basically, you can search anything on the internet you are on the right website.
finaly, if communication we seek, then why not a simple text or call.
my personal opinion is that i dont feel computers are worth a family being in without light.
computers don't only teach children; they teach adults, too!
many people will want to watch funny videos or thier favorite show on the internet.
dear local nepaper, i have reacently heard about the idea of computers are not very productive.
first of all you can see that amarica is becomeing obease because of the computers.
after, i have just said all these wonderful things, you look someone in the eyes and then than that computer don't help people.
i have my own observations with reading some books from my school librarie and have came acrossed some words that was offensive.
i am a useful tree among
there are many things that a computer can do which is really good.
you never know.
networking sights accesible by computer such as or allow us to talk to people who we don't regularly see.
they can ask about it and we can say that saing those things or doing them can be offensive.
statistics show that of people that listened to the radio were in cars.
one you can use them to get information for a project, talk to your friends, or learn about something you have never known before.
students need books to grow and learn and if every person chose one book to take off the shelf perminatly, there would be no more books.
orange fruits are also imported from other countries.
i can type with my eyes closed.
our neighboring society of just invested in over comptuers for their society.
he took her, one day, to hospital to get treatment for her aliment.
should be censored in some cases.
everything we saw had a story to tell.
that would be a waste of time and money.
also it allows people to talk online from far away places.
people steal so they can buy extra technology.
how many times has it been said that communication is key to a healthy relationship?
i don't necessarily think the offensive books should be removed, but i think they should be relocated to a different part of the .
many people even work from home, thanks to their computers.
trees occupy an important place in the life of man.
i think that computers have a positive affect on people.
another way computers have helped academically is in schools.
you can search someone or something across the whole world.
some companies are only selling items on their websites and shipping them to the buyers.
they change the medical field too.
are you thinking about going on vacation somewhere but don't know how things work around there?
the materials in a library are organized by age group and kids usually do not venture out of the area of their interest.
but for other, less useful sites are being used to interact.
computers have helped us with more then those things the is sucha universal thing that its hard to come up with all of the helpful things it does.
it's very important that news gets around, and one way for it to do that is by computers.
or try it for themselves.
you can find this all out on the computer.
there are some material out there that no one wants a little kid to get a hold of.
in the student body in class of ' at high school, most of the students quit school before they could finish senior year.
i'm sure that the computer is affecting everyone negatively.
we will all end up dies in the headlights.
due to this reason places like libraries should have as much information as possible out on there shelves.
computers benifits our community by saving paper.
i am here to write about how computers are a nuisense in our lives.
people have a choice on the types of literature they want to read wether it offends them or not the chose to read it.
the seven books which constitute the ' ' series by are books which are frequently censored in school libraries accross the country.
you know now when you have that project due for science class about protoplasms.
that's why i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
i don't think you should be concerned though.
there are dozens practical for computers but nowadays, many people, especially children, are using computers excessively.
some people are unhealthy from their childhood.
least death on my team that game!
dear , computers do put possitive affect on people and it also teaches us.
this can be a problem in some ways if kids are exposed to this material that they are reading.
people would rather have computers to look up things instead of not knowing that much about something at all.
it can be more helpful than you could imagine.
if your work is typed then your work is neater and more understandable.
people are very easily moved by any form of information, song and story alike.
picture this you are overwhelmed by all the papers on your desk.
furthermore, many colleges offer their courses online.
one way that computers benifit society is that they teach you hand-eye coordination.
you can learn about new things like people and places far away.
i would definetly agree that computers have a benificial effect on people.
the internet allows people to acess millions of websites and light speed.
somethings those opions have consequences involved but you still can write the material you want.
with these things a person can do research or use for entertainment.
dear newspaper, 't you love to go in your computer?
kids or even adults who are too involved in some use of computers don't want to talk.
not everyone will find the same things offensive or want the same books or song to be removed.
the are websites for kids, like games, there are teen games, there are adult games.
being able to see and talk others so far away was seeminly impossible a few decades ago.
i can go onto webcam to see who i am talking to or i can go onto another website to get an instant message.
then theres the always helpful panning part, so you go online and reserve a hotel on dinner at a resturaunt.
the major problem is that offensive doesn't have a set definition.
but not cool enough to not go outside and have free, natural fun.
this would be a helpful tool to our society in order to keep up with the world and not miss the latest event.
some reckless senarios are played out in movies.
also, when i was in fourth grade i had to do a project on .
some ways that they handle this problem can get a little extreme.
also if you dont bay the bill you dont get to check out books until you bay the ammount.
they can communicate easily what has been done and what needs to be done at the office such as what bills have been paid.
like i said many people have many intersts in many things and they deservie to enjoy them in the library.
on the computer you can look up places and see beautiful pictures of places, nature, and even people.
weather its about past present or future, everyone has the right to learn it's part of being a citizen.
when the children and adults don't get their work done then grades could be dropped, or people could get fired.
there are more than six billion people in the world.
technology is there to make the world a happier , healthier, and more social place.
teenagers on the other hand is a whole different story.
imagine how tough it would be without a computer to rely on when you have no idea how to answer something.
whether it be taking a twenty question test to defining a word the computer is a schoolwork necesity.
also when the time comes they going to realize that they need to spend less time on the computer and exercise.
it's where we get our news, music, shopping and even enterteinment.
dear, computers are useful they have a negative affect on people.
so why are they not doing anything about the physical discrimonation?
people seemed to manage fine without computers and were a lot more active before them.
our family and friends will dissapear, causing health problems.
second of all, computers and the internet support many buisnesses in advertising and making profit.
did you know that of has a , , of ?
they help social lives, teach us skills and, give us information on countless topics.
i changed you, not.
watching your teacher teach, to you through a webcam.
high don't like going to the library so they go on the internet as there source.
in my conclusion, i support the fact that offensive material should stay on the shelfs.
leaving options open for students is the best idea, because more kids actually read.
and giving from lifes sometimes to cruel days through gamming.
without a doubt it will certainly help you; hand eye coordination and keep you talk or recconect with people.
then he is a very easy going person.
as a student at , i have found that computers are vital in everyday assignments.
it would take hours scouring textbooks untill you finally found it.
but if you want to do this you are going to need a webcam.
this is why books, and magazines need to be censored in libraries all around the .
hand eye cordanation is kinda like multi tasking you could type and talk on the phone or even excircising and txting.
its eating habbits.
it allows you access to websites that help you talk to new and dd friends.
you don't need to go out and spend on an album, you can now just buy a single song for a dollar.
they need to get outside get some exercise.
computers are also great if you want to go on vacation or learn new things about other countries.
sometimes you hear about terrorist groups and other illegal groups, but usually they do not market to everyday people.
i get my answer within a day.
should books, magazines, music, movies, and ect.
now because of our access to computers whether accross the world or just the other end of the block.
they should not be banned though, they should only be moved.
secound reason why because computers are a good sorce of entertainment.
time flew, very soon the two hours were over.
you can talk to people without the long distance fees of .
so please make sure you try to spend time with your family.
no, but i understand where others could find it offensive.
if you start taking away these things, libraries are only going to become vacant.
they are the staple food in our diet.
what might be offensive to one person interest another.
they will find soemthing that is similar to what you doing.
most stores with offensive stuff have a back room where they keep all of it, so they don't have to worry about others seeing it.
of course with faster typers, they have better hand-eye coordination.
typing helps kids learn the alphabet, learn what the letters look like and shows them where the keys are.
they can all help you you have been looking for.
but if one is constantly overexposed to books that are against our very human nature, they should be removed for the good of the people around us.
learning, and the are online job to be online.
the is one of the most beautifuly countries in the world, take advantage that!
to begin, computers are not a benefit to society because it gives you less and less time exercise.
now matter if its for info, news, or to make thing neates.
all of these you can either download, go on the internet for, or buy them.
dear newspaper, i think computers have a good effect on people.
censorship causes blidness.
on the computer you can put a cd in and it will play the music.
and that is why a public libaery should take a offensive book off their shelf
they were astonished with what thier astronauts saw.
many doctors say that computers cause ""the new depression.""
you can also watch movies or shows that you missed or want to watch again.
also alot of people have family they miss and want to be close to or talk to again they cannot find them and fill close to them again.
with computers, anyone that is anywhere can be in constant contact with anyone else.
if that piece of work isn't seen as acceptable from many peoples point of views it shouldn't be available to the public.
also using computers to look up websites or to search adresses, is a lot easier with computers.
writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could potentially obscure a message or major theme of the novel.
another way that computers help today's society is that they offer many places to conduct research on a certain topic.
but why do some people not hire them?
the computer through keep you in touch.
you have to act now, before its too late and computers have over taken the world.
there's a thing called webcam and people in use it so they could see one another.
we are too soft.we're too worried about what other people might think if we say this or do that.
have you ever read a book you didn't want any one else to read?
if someone doesn't have a phone or car, they can simply go online, write a message, and click the send button.
example you heard about the that happen in by t.v.
many people in society think computers are bad, i think computers are exellent.
and you never know maybe being on the computure for someone is lik a sport for another.
if we started putting movies in the librarys why put books in the libraries.
i believe that censorship is a very debatable subject for many.but i think that i have a pretty good outlook , and a pretty good view on this.
that is a problem that the one person or group of people will have to live with.
censorship is a big part of a lot of things at the library.
it would save you from standing your friend up and feeling guilty about it.
i don't think offensive books, magazines, music, or movies should be taken off the shelves.
it can be helpful also by looking up the wheather, the new, even things that are happening around the world and even answering questions you have.
not read or listen to things that can hurt someones' inner feelings
i found this compromise to be very fair.
i hope you undertand the reasons i give you because the society should really stop giving out the computers in the first place.
also you can use the computer to study and learn easier ways to do something for any subject.
we should know how to keep fit and live longer.
ok there is one thing that can be taken off the shevels is the magazines.
why should we have to remove a book if just some people think its offensive?
thanks to computers, i received an a on my report.
three of the best books i have read through my high school career were about drugs, rape, partying, and had innepropriate language in them.
some people like mysteries, while others like to read romantic books.
thats a harmful work it is.
this would hold the world back since we could not express ourselves through our writing.
people should inform themselves about something before they view it so that they are not offended by the content inside.
second, it helps us connect with, and meet new friend.
no one can say for sure that censorship is completely needed or .
finally why i believe so is that computers helps you understand and learn more about life.
he keeps the class registers at the proper place.
you can personally see someone from acroos the from your webcam.
i think you would agree that without computers we would a lot of knowledge about the wonderful world around us.
after a while, you want to back everything up by copying all of your photos, files, music ect.
i think music is what influences a person the most.
authors in some cases need to review their materialand make sure it won't cause any disruption.
when surveyed ;the majority of students said that they spent at least two hours on the computer every night.
if you have a prodject of you can just send it straight to they teacher.
and its not just for young people to fool around with friends but adults use social network too.
the library provides information for teachers, students, researchers, writers and for readers who do it as a hobby.
that is why i think computers make a posotive affect on people.
there is beautiful nature outside.
you can just simply type in the word and search and then you have millions of choices to choose from.
websites are great"" also said "" enable you to talk with your friends when their far away, or you just can't see them.
some books are offensive to some people.
all the bad books, music, magazines and movies no one really wants to read.
that is not a good thing if you are trying to get into a good college.
the computer is and always will be a great source of information.
you don't need to do that.
i would rather live life than be on a computer.
this is what i think should be done with this offensive materials.
show or you can watch music videos.
so please help yourselves and the earth stop talking on the computers and get out and do something productive.
computers donot benefit us because they are stoping many people exercising and healthy life, playing sports, and enjoying the outdoors.
search his name and it'll tell you right on your screen.
that is to help you spell the words out correctly.
dear , the computer blinked to life and an image of a blonde haired girl filled the screen.
computers have helped us come along way since caveman times.
what if i told you allowed students to do better in ?
for instance, one of my friends handed in an essay and our teacher did not accept it.
many people have different views on what is right and wrong.
to keep the viewers entertained.
we miss out on all the other important things in life, just because of to much time on our laptops.
no matter what happens odds are is that children will find their way around these things, it never fails.
so many people love to type on a keyboard as well, but so many different papers that you type could be lost.
some say that our future generations will be greatly shorted of knowledge, or become naive because of this lack of knowledge.
another reason computer time is a good time could be is it saves money on other things.
you can learn about faraway places.
you get most of your vitamins.
computers help us expand our knowledge all the time.
a beggar is a man who asked for things from others.
i can maek you obese and take the ability to walk away from you.
if a readers parents want them to learn about it in a safe enviornment then they should sit there children down and explain it to them themselves.
i hope you see it my way now.
for many people.
friends chatting online on facebook, aim, things like that, why not talk to each other in person and have fun memories with each other?
i agree that we shold have computers, because more and more people use computers.
not many pay attention to nature, and instead of talking to friends in the internet, why not meet them at the park?
thirdly, gives online games to little kids.
all we have to do is instead of sitting for hours staring at a screen.
a controversial issue in today's society are people's conflicting views on censorship in libraries.
the last thing which makes everyone change is what computer's can do now.
see computer's can get you into trouble.
books, magazines, movies, music, etc.
i found wonderful pictures of .
conclusively, computers are an astonishing invention that has opened doors for today's society.
anybody with a teen at home knows that.
legal websites allow people to be informed of a friend or family about events that have ocurred like an incident or an up coming event.
they threw water on the rising flames.
there are a few mango trees in my garden as well.
computers do benefit society.
dear , , everywhere you look technology is being exercised and it is beneficial to many aspects in our lives .
however, the computer does not just show places.
should this movie be taken of the shelves because it does use alcohol and drugs?
it would be much simpler and healthier to just walk over to their house.
people use computer to communicate with friends or family in far away places.
we can enjoy food, work hard to have sound sleep and can find happiness in our life.
nobody has time to enjoy the natural environment and give a rest to the mind and body.
now humans are capable of spreading info around the world in seconds.
the internet will provide you with any information you need.
just because you eat well dosen't mean your healthy.
well if you are, the computer help you out with that problem aswell!!
they even contact them by chatting threw websites.
a waste of money has been put into buying it, restoring it once, and now restoring it a second time!
i belive that computers are ruining our society.
there wouldnt be anything left because everyone has their own opinion about something and everyone has different inferences about what's offesive to them.
also did you know that america is one of the fatist countrys because people don't exercize and just play on ther laptops and computers.
sometimes you can never get up because your eyes are stuck to the screen.
the computer is bad for you, so you should stop and think about what i wrote in this persuasive letter.
in this point in time, the main focus of alot of movies and music and books is something violent, agressive, inapproiate, or explicit.
computers are also good for if you want to catch up on any news, or just relax and play some games you can.
so do you think that people should spend more time on their families and friends then picking atention to the computers.
i rushed out along with my parents.
so many millions of children throughout the english speaking world must have read these books.
out of of parents agree with me and first reason.
well, brother is going to in six months and i am going to want to talk with him.
dear , life without computers.
you can make powerpoints on the computers instead of using so much paper for long essay.
the only situation with someone who is online being lazy is with a teenager playing games.
excercise is a big thing in peoples life.
familes grow more and more detached every time a child or even adult uses a computer.
this is my opinion of the statement.
these remarkable devices give people the ability to talk & be social with friends and family members.
also, nature in a magazine concluded the best way to find nature, is the internet.
in conclusion, removing materials,s uch as books, music, and movies is completely absurd.
it is actually our fault, because we aren't making a stand.
if you are a new company, you can put a little ad on the sicle of the screen on yahoo.com and millions of people will see it.
their are great things to at the local park every day.
whenever you watch television you see a commercial about online colleges because they are trying to tell you to go to school online.
let's say someone wants to talk to a friend or relative that lives far away in another country.
we use computers to keep us warm during winter.
i love the big aircraft t the airport.
it teaches us everything & anything.
even though people use their computers too much, the tasks they complete help our world run smoothly.
the time has come to decide whether to have a computer or not to have in computers.
how you feel if your favorite book was taken off the shelves of your school or public library?
thirdly, they can learn about distant places.
the internet has been around for a while, going from extremely slow to high-speed, and it is a magical place.
some people have to be on the computer all day.
the people are in tnacholege to the frchr fror the good ov live.
if you do not want to miss out on the fun, i suggest that you get cuclasses more and stop being a lazy couch potato.
if adults and children aren't exposed to these bad uses of language then our world could easily be made up of better and kinder people.
its never ending.
they love and protect their young ones.
life is a gift and people spend it on artifitial life.
computers have none of that.
for example, a study at showed that families with more computers in their houses communicated less.
computers are a menace to society.
and that is way better because at least you arent wasting money on a .
we should conserve them.
their are some books that should not be removed from libraries do to censorship.
if the books are offensive i believe that they would not put the books out for everyone to see.
it is good for getting together somwhere or something.
i know many people who spend and budget their time wisely and still have a great time.
i believe we have a choice to either except or deny those offensive ideas in our head.
a third reason is companies are able to use them to gain business.
now the writters intent is'nt to hurt you but to help you.
computers are and people spend to much time on them instead of having an outdoor experience, exercising, and talk and bonding with their family and friends.
the brain is like a because you can store information and nobody can hack into it.
while you are on the computer you can become more socal by talking with friends or family.
dear , are many books, music, and magazines that are saturated with offensive words or obscene themes.
my last reason why i think computers have a positve effect on people is that playing on the computer is a good leisure time activity.
with computer you will be able to talk to your friends cant talk on the phone.
do you really want that happening to everyone?
how can one specifically influence the beliefs of a child is only or years old based off of their personal selfish beliefs?
in our country today, we have many different ethnic groups, and many people think differently about things.
okay, now that i've stated all my reasons why computers are a great resource.
books, music, and other entertaining things are here as an so if you dont like it then you don't have to deal with it.
you can even go online and fill out a job application and save trips to stores cool is that!!
its faster than skimming through twenty books.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers defenetly help our society for many reasons.
do you think your children should not have seen any kind of magazines like that in our libray for the public to see.
every person poses their own opinions on life.
as soon as the bus arrived, all the passengers ran to board it.
nature is as beautiful as a gorgeous scene of love oceans with pink sand.
also, there many site that you could go to; to help you with a book.the sites could also bring you to your schools website.
also, some people are computer addicts who stay on computers almost twenty four seven.
i believe that spending too much time on the computer could be a bad thing.
ones that don't involve sex or violence that year olds shouldn't be reading.
beause there are moive that children can watch.
computers can solve difficult problems that people either can't do, or don't want to waste their time doing.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
i know any parent wouldn't want their kid to die.
anouther reason why i believe computers greatly benifit society is because they provide entertainment.
yet i was raised reading those book, so to me it wasn't adult content.
book censorship limits knowledge.
my mom will call him down for dinner and he'll be too engrossed in what he's doing that he will skip the meal.
as the local newspaper , i am sure you must be concerned about the safety of the town, or even your own kids.
this will effect their later years interviewing for things such as colleges or even jobs.
i personaly find out about many world events just by bringing up yahoo.com.
that is why i think computers are good.
if your on the computer a lot you are sitting around and a lot people eat while they are on the computer.
from my point of view yes, because libraries are public which means they are open to any and everyone.
people thik that computers are fun yes but you are not reolisinig what your doing.
in the book , firemen would burn any book seen within a home.
working citizens use computers to help them with important jobs!
lastly, it helps you to interact with other students when not in school.
in our world today, there is a way to find anything that you could ever want under one roof.
if there is something offensive in a child's reach, they might grab it and see whats in it.
magazines that are bad should be taken off the shelf.
it allows family and friends to interact with eachother, research places and ideas, and lets you type a document to look neat.
some parent might not like the idea of there librarys haveing offensive language in the books, music, movies, and magazines.
the only chnace we have to outside in the and in the it's warm.
if you want to know why computers are useful, just keep on reading.
from personal experience being addicted to computers, i can honestly say that i was under almost complete control by that computer.
that just would'nt be fare.
some people dont even get enough sleep if they stay up too late on computers.
another bad effect is no iteraction with family or friends.
have you ever wanted to go to a forgein places?
family and friends , it's most important thing.
so why should those things be?
the teens and or adults whom would be reading such material is surely old enough to handle reading a few foul words and scattered inuendos thoughout the plot.
there are a lot of racism being thrown around in books and songs and magazines but nobody takes that away.
look at a photograph of the earth taken by a satellite from space.
i study in cambridge school which is one of the best schools in london.
the readers can learn from mistakes made in the past.
children and adults do not need to learn or be influenced by inappropriate language on the computer.
dont waste anymore time, go on a trip take a hangout.
it is by the side of the
everything in the library might not offend some people.
most kids in my school don't have good handwriting, and i am assuming that teachers have a hard time grading something they can't read.
using computers will help you do this and make your life easier.
of those said use computers daily, and not just for work.
we packed our luggage and hired an auto-rickshaw.
everyone has their own choice when it comes to picking up a book.
if this is done it will benefit our children's moral beliefs, the library's family image, and save money for better things.
don't just sit there and complain, because how would you feel if the same thing happened to you?
he should know how to preserve his ancient glories and treasure them as national pride.
out of people use the computer every single day and out of people be up there chatting with young little girls and boys.
we, as , have .
then i think it isn't okay.
result is nothing but a big chaos.
computers, we use them everyday.
the computer has a-lot of information that you can look up.
i dont think just anybody should be able too ban a book.
many educated people would agree that computers doesn't have a positive effect on people.
just because i agree with something, do you have to agree too ?
another hard thing to do for me was moving away from my family, but thank to technology and computers i stay in contact with them.
everyone should have a choice and a right to see or to see certain material they might find offensive.
i agree with the censorship in libraries today.
whenever i have a holiday, i pick up any book from the shelf and read it.
thats ok you can learn new thing about a different cuture.
in conclusion, technology will basically help you in the future well.
then people are angry when their computer chrashes & forget how to do things because their always on the computer.
lastly, computers have a negative effect on people because it takes away from people using their world.
people live around offensivness every day at home, on the streets, and even in school.
kids like me that normally have a long rough day at school like to come home and rest with some nice game on the computer.
you can just go to the beach or go to the gym you have lots of stuff to do other then going online and sitting for hours.
like i said the best thing to do is put all the books in subcatagories by age.
i am writing to you convince that computers have a positive effect on people.
this wouldn't be possible without the effort of our typist on the computer. ""
the most important reason why people should stop wasteing time on the computer is so that they could get more exercise.
computers help find and get new .
if it is a holiday or something and people want to send them something to wish then of whetever holiday it is.
many parents go hiking, camping, swimming and lots of other stuff but they that anymore.
for example i just want to ask young kids do they thank their parents everyday?
they should jump at the chance if it comes to a point where they can change things for the better!
ten minutes on computer searching the laws in could have kept her in .
kids these day, have hard time to exercising because there are over weight by staying on their computer and play their computer game.
firstly, as i started in my introduction paragraph, computers help teach people hand-eye coordinates.
computers can help us explore far away places that we never go to.
i believe the whole issue is that the machine itself distracts you from other things in your life that is also as enjoyable on it is.
no matter how hard you try, you can not avoid the harsh language of today's society.
the thought of there being censorship in libraries is quite ridiculous.
there is and like i said before you can even chat on social networking sites.
i think computers have a positive effect on people.
people each year use on line programs to plan there vacations and trips, for example my family and i planed a trip to in the of .
also this will stop you from interacting with new friend, and your old ones will find new ones.
and lastly you want your daughter to go to yale or do you want her to fail.
every morning when i wake up and on sportscenter i always about what famous are posting or twitter pages.
the computers are faster than just writing.
one solution to the problem could be that we start rating books and magazines like we do for movies.
on the logical side of this, the more a person knows the more power one has.
for example, they could need directions or some ones phone number or answers.
with a computer we don't have to keep cutting down so many trees for books and paper.
its quicker and easier.
typing also makes work a lot neater and easier to read.
the last idea for ins tead of using ""computer time"" lis doing ""you time indoors.
for an example who is harry .
reading material can help a young person with life.
so that would be a good idea for people not to steal or take the books.
these are just same of the many ways someone could be sucked into their computers.
some even added fuel to fire by their comments.
directions are very important.
think about those numbers you just read, isnt that incredible?
how do you think that author would feel?
you can chat with them pictures of how there doing.
in school we should always wish our teachers.
parents dont really want there childern reading about vilence and murdare.
i remember that my parents got devorced because my dad spent more time on the computar than talking to me or my mom.
with spending all your time on the computer, you would just be using to get over weight and unhealthy.
the computer has helped us first make a model of our invention then we start making the details.""
the last reason why computers are fantastic is beacuse they make communication just a click away.
any parent would tell you that they don't agree with some of the stuff on your local library shelf today.
i think that movie producers shoudl be aware of what they put out there for children to watch.
the first reason why computers have a positive affect on people is because they help students as well as many other people study.
also, teaches you homework that you did.
it is all a big chain with many loops.
according to a recent survey out of every people in the are overweight or obease.
i do not believe that libraries should have to remove those materials from their shelves because maybe some people find them interesting?
a teacher works to build our nation.
had then people get sick they could get hoadaks or they feel like puking.
that would be a terrible thing.
i love him a lot, and he is my greatest strength.
thank you again for your time spent reading this.
there are thousands of books on the and many movies as well.
they need to get outside and see the outside world, people should interact with family and friends.
i guess people don't know the affects of being addicted to a computer has on them and their family.
almost every sport needs hand eye coordination and computers help you get it.
next time bok up directions on the computer!
some believe that this material is not appropriate for anyone to view.
secondly, computers let you talk with people both faraway and nearby online and videochat.
however, what if the book doesn't have the information you are looking for?
its very dangerous, and someone can pretend to be someone there not.
this reminds me of last when i went to cousins house.
at most it should be placed in a less accessable manner.
unlike most people i dont stay on it forever.
not even waste minutes on you phone.
you can also see pictures of things that you cant see everyday.
they help us get information for a project at school, records direction, etc.
but at the same time we need to learn when we have had enough time on the computer.
if you write a book saying how obama could be a better president, but someone finds it offensive, what happens.
there are too many options, like when comes to the books, movies, music, and magazines.
lastly, job openings that i am , i would like to find a job, even if its mimumum wage.
think yourself calling your best friend who lives in .
first they allow you to chat with friends they allow you to message anytime you want.
thats why a computer is handy.
but with movies there are some movies made just for that reason its all call intertainment for adults.
in addition is think it's also a tool in schools.
one reasons for this could be that a person spends all their time on their computer instead of spending time with their family and friends.
dear newspaper, i am writing to you because think computers really effect people in a bad way.
we can learn about different places in the world.
not only has this computer crashed once, but twice!
they should ignore it and find something else of interest to them.
the truth is the computer with internet is like having at your fingure tips, distractions, and more.
if internet use among children and teenagers is not cut back, some worry that there will be a lot more health problems in the future.
it's now or never for people to larn, get and get good grades.
it will take away from your over-all health, reduce family time, & cost you same big bucks.
also some kids post pictures of themselves on things like facebook that are not appropriate and cna get them in lots of trouble.
make the right decision let out technology continue to edvance.
when you think of computers, what comes to mind.
last week i had my final examinations.
it never fails to make me smile."
you can even watch fights you want.
who knows, maybe in years therew ill be a cure for cancer.
for example, there are books out there that talk about the .
innocence in the library was gone.
to value one opinion or perspective less than another is to debase the entire culture from which libraries have arisen.
friends are people who spend time with you and interact with you.
something offensive like a cuss word is not going to keep someone from finding the meaning of the book.
the computer also has websites on the internet that are used in schools.
they put in numberous hours and a lot of effort to write books and novels.
studies show that of people with bad spelling or grammatical habits corrected mistakes quickly through and .
if so, then maybe we should something.
i play lots of sports and i love them all.
says , head of surgery at hospital. ""
certain people like certain kind of music.
not and old one because it can breakdown.
if more people get of and , i'm positive all would be resolved.
insead of just reading about it you can see it.
so, try books.
it landed at jaipur airport.
recieve help with your schoolwork, and talk with other people on-line.
if you want to go on the computer to talk to your friends, it should be an insentive to get all your homework done first.
friends, family, and exchange students are able to talk and see you through video chat.
second in my reasoning is that computers are brilliant communication aids.
like some people have desided that can have own busniss so they us the computer to make one.
my third reason is we can talk to friends.
if we didn't have computers you would need to go to the hotel and get a room, and if there were no room you out of luck.
you also find the oportunety to go to a different state for the day.
as i think about my experience in third grade, i wish i had never seen that book.
they also say things that they wouldn't normally say to a persons face.
there are many people that still would want these materials, so my suggestion is that there should be a seperate room for the offensive materials.
the second reason why i think that more and more people are using computers is because it gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
when this person comes across this piece of literature, all they have to do is put it back on the shelf and move on.
some of us need those kind of books in order for us to do our research and projects!
my first reason is that they relieve stress.
, out of kids get better hand-eye cordination after geting good on the computer.
the ostrich is so strong that they can even carry a
not every student, employee, or other person can spend that time looking for an answer.
also computers advance and enhance learning, had to mention that computers advance emloyment.
you get off the bus and you relize that it's pur sunshine out.
people are spending too much time on computers.
i think that inappropriate books, music, movies, magazines, and etc., should not be taken off the shelves. ''
if it's really offensive in any way put a warning sticker on the book.
this program is designed to help students improve their reading levels.
so all music is good, but without music i dont think the world would be a very nice place.
let's face it, there are many people traveling around the world, just trying to make a decent living for their families.
pick-pockets have their day at such hours.
its a lot easier for someone to sit on the computer, browsing aimlessly on some social networking website, than go out and actually meet new people.
i'm not saying they don't happen but you don't hear your child come home and talk about gangs and fights.
internet websites like facebook helped me keep in touch with her.
, technology majors support that the use of computers have a positive effect on people and i agree with them.
just think of all of the things we rely on this device to do.
she's way down in .
you could be outside having fun instead of sitting up in your house so get out!
the computers make researching easier just imagine not having to drag home those gigantic books home or having to constantly find information in them.
simply by searching equadore many choices will pop up you climate, sesonal weather, hotel options, and other farts.
it's also the parent's job to monitor their kids read, listen to, or watch.
personally i don't think they should be.
also, there are video games that are specially created for the computer, that you can buy, and have installed for isntant entetainment.
they teach you to watch time and act promptly.
i can also share what i've made so everyone can see it.
i have personally read a few books that i wouldn't want little kids to read but that doesn't mean i should remove it from the shelves.
and the age thing yay you should watch a movie with andult if your to young.
you can learn about history, sports, you can learn about current events in the world.
finally, the internet fools people into believing they can go on easy diet eat.
so, computers are truely one thing we need.
that would help to kept all the books in the liberary.
i believe computers help us with cognitive skills, learning, and socializing.
i say this because once you hit the power button you cant get off.
why not go out side and throw a ball to one another?
people take advantage of computers and end reading peoples infos.
in this is how we could censor books in libraries.
and in my opinion that is all i need to say.sincerly your customer .
typing to long or to much can cause your fingers to lock up and it harder for your bones to move over your joints without pain.
you know what else on the computer can help you with information?
some one might say people are spending too much time on their computer.
they help us communicate, do important thing have fun.
i think this because yes, people do play the computer to much, but they can also learn a lot of things.
they can affect health, friends and family, and appreciation of nature.
from facebook and myspace, to and ""gone with the wind.""
library's shouldn't have that accessable.
therefore, a book that not offend you at all could be taken off the shelf because somebody else does not approve of it.
lets say the libraries remove a human trafficking book from the libraries becuase people find it offensive.
these are reason why computer could be a good devices.
when the school started my father took me to the principal.
first, computers take time away from hobbies and friends.
her handwriting is terrible so her teacher will not be able to score it.
we should neither speak ill about others nor use harsh words for anybody.
many people say ""yes"" and many say ""no.""
it was a horrible experience.
so take away something from people they are going to stand up and fight for it.
because of this incredible invention, computers have allowed us to do things that are truly astonishing.
my third and final reason to why using the internet is good is that it effects everyday life, in a good way.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
when you want to surf the web to find a nice vacation spot, you should really just visit that place.
a postman’s duty is to deliver the letters, parcels, money orders etc.
you are running late to work able to traffic on the hignway.
perhaps the sea west effect is that hardly anyone interacts with their friends and family anymore.
i have good reason why i think people are on the computer a lot.
people have read some of the material that the library has and spotted some profanity not knowing it was in .
when i go home, usually i go straight to my computer like most teenagers do.
first, there are many families who have at least one member who lives in a different place.
does one person really speak for an entire gender,country, culture, race, religion?
he must not be afraid of anything.
education is the growth of human mind.
dear i believe that there is more and more controvosy about computer and whether they benefit society or not.
how will you keep up with your email or type of the articles for this very newspaper?
how can it?
first of all, children often follow after what they see.
dear who ever this concern, i think that people spend way too much time on computers.
heaters, irons, washing machines, freezers, and room coolers are in common use.
then with in two days there would be not books left.
many adults say that our world has changed so much from the time when they were younger.
everyone likes something different so their should be different books.
children are the future nobody would want the future leaders to be known for the widespread obesity.
in today's world, it would be nearly impossible to pick up a book and factually state that it is not offensive.
this could very well be the poll your took.
hobbies keep us busy and happy.
i for one think computers benefit society today, and those people who think otherwise should look into it one move step.
you say you'll be on for a minute, but you will stay playing """" or """" for days on end.
in addition, computers are a great way to keep in touch with friends and family.
i believe that if students would turn off the computers long enough and we wouldn't need this program.
bring a computer to your kindergartrer & you can probably guess what they'll grow up with.
dear , i strongly believe computers have positive effects on people and the society.
people don't want a little child to read something that is meant to be for an adult.
computers are better than going to the libra!
some people are just sitting, mind lessly infront of their computer and eating at the same time!
all these things revolve around hand-eye coordination which is best learned by computers.
libraries should have whatever they want in the library.
virtual people are not your real friends and family.
some are funny, sad, wierd, scary, etc.
these books are very important to the community to read so they don't ever get the tendency of doing those bad things.
i wish they would not ,but they feel the need to take things off the shelves if so.
one reason they are vary helpful is that books dont always have all of the information.
so truly that the average i.q has increased in the last years?
computers also take time away from doing something productive, like playing outside.
the last reason i think people should use computers is that you can keep pictures, videos, document and contacts on your hard time.
why should it change now?
i don't believe certain materials such as books should be removed from shelves under any circumstances.
things get censored for a lot of reasons, too!
you could be living in and chatting with someone in .
an example: a magazine cover be offensive to a child because of the picture and 'adult' words for the child.
i completly disagree with these comments.
a few extra types
they also can perduce amasing graphis that aritist cant perduce.
sometimes it takes harsh laws to make somebody change.
having computers in life is one of the most usefull things you can have.
since i use the computer everyday onto all.
they prevent people from ecersising, expose kids to in approplate websites, and take away from valuable time with family and friends.
we should be the one's in control of our kids and they read and watch.
but here's the thing.
in conclusion, people spend to much time on their computers.
so, i think that library's should have all diffrent kinds of books and movies.
computer broke the border giving you a higher level or ""you got mail"".
finally, the growing computer use increases the amount of internet predetors, and the odds that you or your child could be tougeled skyrocket.
it makes them more social, which is a great quality to have in life.
a second reason computers positively import people is that they have created a numerous research.
you can stay away from those sections if you find them offensive.
this is why computers are valuable to everyday life.
it is merely suggesting that instead of having a metaphorical black curtain over half the news, they report the whole truth.
many people can be smeared on the internet as well.
stuffy nose, headache, cold etc.
it has raised the threat of a nuclear war.
people who use computers at work can multi-task.
great people have taught the value of austerity by living a simple life.
i would create a good atmosphere in the school.
do you want this rate to increase in the next ten years?
someone should not have the right if a book seems offensive to that person, but if the whole community says that the book is offensive then yes.
experts also say that is important to stay connected with your past to sustain a well being and to be happier.
although people might find the down sides to computers, they will always be able to think of a good side.
computers give you knowledge that help you through your life especially if you don't have a library.
when people think about computers the first thing they think of is games.
also can we please start using normal books instead of online ones.
one reason why i think that libraries shouldn't be censored is because some people have different taste in the books they read.
heres why i believe this should happen.
computers give education stand information to everyone.
""who doesn't love going out and spending time with friends on the weekends,"" said .
books that are considered inappropriate, should be decided to has censoreship by the parents of a young child.
finally, we can make friends from all over the world.
your old enough to be able to handle the content.
it seems as if inappropriate materials are found everywhere in today's world.
these are things you can do on the internet.
my three reasons are to look up information, homework and talking online to friends and family.
they really aren't.
the last thing that computers help us people with chatting with friends on websites, like facebook, myspace, and .
computer have a positive effect of people and they can help people learn new things, like, places, people, and news in the world.
morning walk keeps me away from sickness.
that one book could stimulate this white mans thoughts and he could try to put his thoughts into action.
computers are the easy, environment friendly alternative for you.
my conclusion is that you cant please everybody.
there is always calling them or writing them a letter hot email, facebook, and are easier and to use.
you need a job but cant stand, walk, talk well you could get a job working on a computer.
because reading about things that you don't know about entirely sometimes helps you learn not to do those bad things.
computers can definetly have a positive on soriety.
well, just save them to the computer, and they're there forever!
say if you needed help with fractions you can go on a math site it helps you with it.
when we go out to eat my brother is always in a push to get back on to the computer dosen't let us enjoy our food.
some people even take classes online.
these are all esential questions.
although the program ' the of ' protrays people of my age and nationality getting pregnant and doing drugs.
if you have the ability to solve a problem, then why can't you solve it?
i hope people understand what i say and take action to persue them in they own life and convice others too.
also, you can keep in touch with friends and family.
the computer could teach babies how to talk.
books are history.
secondly not a lot of people will go to the library to look up information for a paper for a school.
so being on the computer to talk with friends isn't so bad.
when you think about it, our country would be no where without these spectacular devices.
the parent should be the one to take responsibility.
therefore, the child loses much needed exercise and fresh air.
you think that there positive on people?
first, less people are spending time outside enjoying nature.
like i have grandmother she the learned spanish.
as a student, computers are a crucial element to allow me to get my work done.
this world is harsh and not easy at all times.
why bore yourself to death with computers that will probably give you the wrong advise when you could always ask a friend for advise.
libraries need to learn more about there surroundings before they continue what they are doing.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that computers do not benefit society.
also your bills will get higher.
well in conclusion i agree with the fact that because of the fact that people have computers makes them lazy and do not interact with their family.
the only time he goes on it now is rainy days.
out of people do this in everyday.
the internet hold false information and can be a waste peoples time.
do you think they are good for us, or do we need less computers?
in my opinion, books, movies, magazines, ect., should not be taken off the shelves if they are offensive to some people.
i will admit the computer can be useful but to be on all day that's just rediculous.
what i'm trying say is these people are called """".
i am here to tell you today my views and opinions on cenership at the library.
for example, chatrooms who knows kind of people are in chatrooms.
there are tons of books, music, movies, magazines and more that contain this information.
in front of a all does not support you with the natural urge to exercise.
that applies to everything that could contain offensive material.
did you know that four out of five households have a computer?
yes i know the computer is so fun because you can go on different websites such as myspace.com, youtube.com, and funnyjunk.com.
plus, if you miss certain shows, or want to watch music videos, there are websites for that.
i hope that after reading this you will understand how much computers contribute to society.
dear local newspaper, opinion as to why some people support advances in technology belive that computers have a positive effect on people is that i disagree.
the libraries are supposed to make sure your years of age before you check out a rated movie.
i think they should all be blocked and out of children reach.
first if people don't get off the computers and go out to exercise then it will cause obesity.
instead of exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with real people they sit down and play games and watch music or movies on the computer.
they give you the ability to talk to people online not just your friends but also families that live far away.
keep in mind that it can help with homework, talking with friends, or just having some fun.
a study done by shows that mere the of kids go on their computer when they can't be outside.
personially i think that it gives the library a bad name and therefore that get little business.
i tend to not read very many books about the world.
it can help keep contact with people to learn about far away places, or even school work.
authors should be able to write about whatever they choose to write about.
they should at least go out for a walk instead of using all their electrity.
i say that computers are addicting this is a fact of students spend most of there time on the computer.
computers are a good way to help with your skills.
people using computers is a good way for them to talk with distant relatives or friends, learn keyboarding skills, and research about far-away places.
what if article you are reading right now contained offensive language and inappropriate ideas?
it also has .
no matter what your interested in freedom was gave to you so use it
well, i sure think using a computer has a great effect on people.
dear newspaper editor, i think computer are a benefit to everyone.
he grabs one and we are on our way to get it checked out and the lights go off.
our computers have programs like microsoft to help me do a major school assignment neatly.
most children are so amused by their own materials in the library they are not worried about the adult things.
they teach hand to eye coordination but at the same time their brains are being turned into swiss cheese.
you cannot always trust internet sources.
next is that it's a great current learning resource.
after the sun sets he returns home.
ban your children from life in general?
can i ever forget this incident?.
obesity is a terrible sight to see someone go through because of something as silly as being, basically, addicted to the computer.
doesn't computers make life so easy.
spending time with people's family and friends in stead on the computer is exremely beneficial.
the librarie might be the only way someone can get ahold of something they like.
computers are good for everyone in this world.
this benefits sociaty its own way.
this consists of millions of websites, pages, search engines, and information arte you in an upcoming geography uses?
that's because you say something on the , people don't know who you are.
families need to stick together but when a member of the family from doing a family picnic or other family activities.
no sane person would want to take away computers.
how the computer gives you hand i coordination is from typeing an moving the mouse.
dear , i dissagre with removing materials from the library.
their family ).
i disagree with those who believe the item should be remove.
i am also aware that people just be worried about their children watching movies, listening to songs, or reading books that are not appropriate for them.
if you have a friend that you can instant message them.
but a nationwide website thats used and children improve from it is edhelper.com.
my first reason why i think that is because after looking up links on it and getting use to that homework would be eaiser.
then, you had to wait at least weeks before your pen pal wrote back.
i like it because i have relatives who live far away and i use my computer to comunicate with them from time to time.
school could be a lot more difficult without a website.
i would, we need computer for many things, for example we need computer for communications, we also need them to educate yourself and others.
you can also use webcams to talk to family members and people you don't know.
from communication, to internet accessability, then to helping hand-eye coordination.
to better prove my point, think of your favorite book.
by looking it up on the computer, you can become an expert on the country!
first off people can do things on a computer, including homework finding a store and checking out traffic and weather.
another contributing factor is that it would be unconstitutional to remove books and other articles from the shelves of 's libraries.
some could say that the people being informed is a good thing, which i agree.
as you can see now, computers are great influence to our lifestyle.
his own dad wasn't at the game.
i try to cut back on my computer times, but it doesn't really work out.
and some kids be confused that you need a lisense to do all of that.
here is where the fast and reliable internet comes in if you need to know the difference between and , use the search engine .
for instance, most front page content is about the wars and hostility in the world.
they want to know about the place they are going to and they want it to be current.
insead of spending time with the family, teens prefer spending time on the computer chatting with their friends.
also books can be adviceful of ehat people want to do in life, careers that you be intersted in.
a lot of people over used it too.
not having these computers would mean certain death for some people in the armed forces.
out of studens, say they prefer to talk online then to call someone.
however, if this device was not around, we would have to use postal service or the telephone, both of which cost money.
i could go on for hours listing at the different types.
if you saw a book on the shelf of your library that took offense to you in some way or another how would you react?
i reason that computers are more unhealthy for us.
a lot right?
you can have fun with your family by playing games.
computers is the big thing because we need to look up a lot of things online we need computers to test on.
also telling people what you are doing every moments of your day everyday is kind of unreal.
i strongly consider that you take my ideas into consideration and hopefully agree with them.
if books, music , or anythingelse on the shelves were found offensive they should be removed off the shelves.
im going to guess a lot.
my father is a policeman.
that would take to long to do so though.
if people know the place that their ancestors came from, but they look it up crime computers.
another is that people need more exercis.
if you don't like the books, don't read them.
many people ponder if computers are really beneficial.
my father bought me few picture postcards, and my mother also shopped a bit.
three have been other cases in which girls have sent a nude pictures of themselves to their boyfriends and other people soul it.
if they have life problems then they seek the solitude and privacy of unfiltered and limitless internet.
and be able to got better hand-eye coordination talk to people and get entertained.
, a professor at says that ""the invention of computers has led to hundreds even thousands of new discoveries.
but that same book i have read might be interesting to other people.
just to recap what i've said, is plenty on computers and there are many choices on how to do it.
information on anything is always on the internet.
they are the dark parts that we dont want to see.
no your parents who grew up then were thrilled to an outside when thire assignments were compleated.
the water current was swift.
i think that all libraries should carry the same content in them.
part of what makes so great is the freedom that come with living here.
computers are also great for talking online to family and friends.
ive been over a friends house before, and all we did was play computer games instead of enjoying nature outside.
rated movies are known to be for adult watchers and same goes for video games.
you can do this through via email.
almost all of the older people hate this music and never wanna hear it and think it should be banned.
there are two arguments to cenorship in libraries.
my reasons for this are when you are on a computer you could be cyber bullied.
books materials like these make a difference in someone life other than you.
others are gaining weight because they stay on the computer, and not exercising.
dear , i have recently discovered that you are debating the computeres have on people.
it's live from home fotage face to face on the computer.
something as simple as driving a car doing the dishes is made easier thanks to the improvement in hand-eye coordination computers bring.
they can play games, learn, talk and many more.
when i was in middle school i always liked to read and books.
that effected me because when i heard it i went around people who were positive in my life saying it to them.
so, we took our umbrellas and set out.
that didn't do my grade any good.
yes, there are magazines available and movies to watch about philosophy, but they are experienced and learned differently than reading 's book, or 's .
the tree was laden with fruit.
they spend more attention on the computer and not enough time with your family.
those were all ny reasons. )
they help you with things.
it might be offensive to somebody else, but to another person it might not even effect their views about what they've read, seen, or heard.
unlike an advertisement that might accost us unawares, we must pick up a book and open it to receive its guidance.
also, the computer allows people to stay in touch with others farther away.
with computers, you can email distant family and friends to learn if there are problems quicker.
my second reason why people should use stay to computers us .
so thanks to libraries that have an eye out for things like this
managing a household is a big responsibility.
people use them everyday.""
you can go on google and type in your projects subject and get over results in a fraction of a second depending on your bandwidth.
kids use it to talk to friends, play games, do homework and to do many other things as well.
many of those books that many people read are those that others calls explicit.
dear local newspaper i support the advances in technology.
however, noticing your kid being on the computer is not a good thing.
and three it will keep us updated on sports we like to catch especially if your a sports fanatic.
there are all types of websites you can go on to talk and hang out with with all of your friends and family.
all they talks about is sex, drugs, achole, an etc.
go to the computer and have an infinite video library at your dipasle.
there are many materials in libraries that are offcensive to certain people.
that of people benefit from using the computer.
no one knows.
it is the season of flowers and fruits.
on certain cites you can live newsfeeds or an article about something such the earthquake in that recently happended.
nothinka says that: ""their are to meany people who dont get the exercise they need.""
my last reason is that now you can be on the computer and still interact with family and friends.
my dad always says "" makes the world go round.""
chating on computer is just a bomb waiting to be set off. ""
the first person spent twenty minutes on the phone with their mother, the second only ten minutes, and the last, a mere five minutes.
so, to the , computers help our society thrive.
some other problems that we have that could get worse are, developing a weak immune system, and emotionally seperating yourself from your family.
i think that books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
you have children you can lose the ability to watch them grow up to adults and can even push them away.
you don't tend to want to get up or do anything else when you're on your computer, right?
but we have the people that take certain things in the library offensive but don't worry about .
more teens would rather be on the computer than outside playing tag or on a swingset.
there is no way that anybody over the age of has never played a computer game sometime in their life.
also one more thing books, magazines, and movies can be a very good thing if we use it right.
this also, with focus, and people with better focus excel in school, work and their social lives.
censorship is a wonderful thing to have in libraries.
the media is a way for some people to get out and reach others.
involves you playing games that help you , and tests when you are ready to take them.
kids and teens today would much rather be on their or account, than go for a run or shoot some hopps.
everything is in !
he can jump high across a fence and run very fast.
they allow us to talk with people all over the world.
or you can have games you purchesed and play them.
i believe computers should be re-examined and peole should stop depending on them so much.
readers of "" "" should be well informed of the benifets of computers to society.
second, the term 'offensive' in this case is ambiguous, meaning that it has multiple meanings.
people may choose gardening, stamp-collecting.
people could get offenive by not looking like the poeple in the magazine.
if they are gone, cultures would be misunderstood and forgotten.
making you, your friends, & family a whole lot happier.
communication is positively affected by computers.
computers and technology benefit us in many ways.
we must not tease or laugh at others, especially when they have done something foolish or embarrassing.
computers open you up met new friends.
these things can come in so many varities.
you aren't being force to listen or read it, its your choice.
another opinion is that i think people should not spend most of there time on the computer.
people from ages of school kids, to adults who have a job so highly appreciated as a chemist, use computers!
people spend the amount of time they need and want then become active or spend time with family and friends.
one example, is that you can play computer games during rainy days or when you can't go outside.
he wears a smart khaki uniform.
it has flower plants and fruit trees.
you should buy a computer today.
i am lucky to have mr. david as my next door neighbor.
of all people in the have computers.
that's like not playing a song on the radio thats offensive, and many songs played on the radio are degradeing to women.
you can learn about any place you want on a computer, doesnt that sound nice?
you can hold a confess on your computer from home when you can't make to .
for example the villain is presented as an attractive character casual, brave, smart and successful with women.
we must show people just how bad the computer really is.
i disagree with them on this and these are the reasons why.
only then will they defend their countries so they can preserve freedom.
last reason why computers are badly affecting society is that computers take time away from interacting with family and friends.
all these things can be helpful and all you have to do is take in it and take advantage of free information that is given to you.
as you can see computers rule.
it is easy .with a click of a button and saves you time driving to the stores.
if you ever get the chance get a telescope and set it up in a spot where you can see the stars at night.
it takes more than food to be healthy.
so, computers betters society in many different ways.
why pay too much money for spending much time in the computer, when you can turn off the computer and spend some time with your friends.
you can use , , webcams, or even a simple comment on facebook or myspace.
what other rate is going incresingly they 's?
you were smart, and understanding you would now why everyones on the computer so much"".
i don't think computers benefit the society as much as every one thinks.
because of computers people are spending too much time on computer and less time doing things that are better for them.
there are books that are very good that have been banned. '
addiction to computers lead to serious issues.
some are impatient and look at their watches at every other second, other are worried and fret.
plus not all information you find is true.
lastly children are missing out on the beauty of nature.
but if they go on the internet they can look up pictures and information of places they've never been to which can help them see the world better.
some people on the other side of the river heard our voices and they jumped into the river.
the great out doors should be one of the best places to be.
although computers are all around us they do not have a possitive effect on people because harmful people can find out where you live and they are too addicting.
my tutor comes to teach me maths for one hour.
so do computers really benefit to our society?
sometimes computers take a lot of stress of you.
the same thing apires to computer games, such as virtual kickball outside?
computers produce games and activities more intense than you can find anywhere else.
computers help function machines.
social sites like facebook or myspace allow the group members to talk and discuss matters at the hotel or wherever he be.
and go on the computer.
ultimately consumes all free time.
also as the teenage population in the .s spend at least four hours a day , tweeting or using facebook to stay in touch with their friends.
you can go on the computer and buy a ticket at your convenience.
as you can see, computers can help students with projects, etc.
""spending long hours on my computer had caused me to become .
pull the lever to quickly and the crane can go sharply in the wrong direction causing it to tip over.
or people start to not to want to get out of the house, you don't spend time with your family, because your so addictive to it.
yes, for a time, they do but it is the role of the induvidual parent to protect their child.
people who support computer usage might say.
i have heard that spending time with family would bring your grades up in school because as you talk to them, you learn new things.
should the foul things in life be ignored?
i now am a member of the online community called www.mocpages.com i post my creations, look at others creations, and comment, and chat.
so go on a computers and talk to your friend even that person a picture or something.
the act like it is a neccesity to be on the computer every day.
one , , and i were all going to work on our project.
and with computers, this is possible.
each story in its own way teaches the reader a moral.
other people sit at their and get mad or angry at .
no more driving to libraries, or going out and buying games.
we have different varieties of rose and orchids in our garden.
the taj mahal is located in agra, india.
i think they should leave up there.
computers have a positive and helpful effect on people.
so without further adue here is more extensive reasonings.
i have to use the computer.
most people try not to be overweight.
i came to the .
new friends can be made everyday.
computers allow you to interact with people far away.
computers are a big problem and they cause laziness to occure more often than not because now if you miss your favorite .v.
your website wouldn't be able to persuade people to read your newspaper.
nature is beautiful i am thankful to god of giving us that beauty and all animals.
i personally feel that computers are a marvelous tool to help mankind advance.
you can lose your wife cause the computer because you forgot her birthday, her and her because you are on the stupid computer.
working from home makes another day at the office, another day at home.
out of people said they like typing on the computer more then writing it on .
viruses can sneak into your computer without you knowing it, and can look up eveything on your computer, even personal information.
it affects humans lives because more and more people are intrested in this device
it would give them a better name, and give our children a secure place to gain access to these matirials.
the more kids read about this, the more they think violence is okay.
as you can see, hand-eye coordination is very important.
all of us began repeating it.
personally i think that them seeing what we call 'bad things' will make them not want to look again, and help them learn right from wrong.
if your at home, and you need to study for a test, you can go online and study.
being able to reconnect with someone is very important.
dear , are you?
when it comes to any of the mentioned items, sooner or later society will find them again and they will be back on the shelves.
the sand there is so deep, the wheels of vehicles get sunk
people's lives have not only been made easier in the field of research; computer make communicating with friends and familyeasier as well!
it would be virtually impossible to remove all aspects of media that could be found offensive, because almost everyone is offended by something.
recently, there been a debate going on between experts about computers.
teens are on social networking sites, adults are on chatrooms, and kids are playing computer games.
everybody have access to weather or news, some say it's a lack of exercise.
get the items that best fits you and leave the others that don't on the shelves.
there are websites where students who were out from school can get their assignments for the next day.
what if a girl didn't want to go to school and on her computer.
most of the crime we have today people blame on music.
i had an experience similar to this with my friend.
have a snowhall fight with some friends and enjoy your selves.
in additio, it is easier to read someone's writing its typed, especially the writer has hand writing.
you just sit on a hard chair, looking at an electronics device that is going to take you no where in life.
italy, france, , and much more places people would want to visit.
now more than ever people use where they talk to friends.
if we took all the books off of the shelves that someone said offended them, then there would be no books left.
but now through skype, email and facebook, we are able to stay updated on the success and growth of as well as they have recently traveled to.
i believe that if we do take all of the stuff that involve offensive things off shelves then some people will be upset.
however the generation under me will soon love them.
lastly, computers help us stay close to our family and friends.
if we remove a certain item from the library then we would loose a certain amount of people.
but also they print two copies one for a more mature audiance and one for a younger one.
she met a man on .com named , who persuaded her into meeting him at an airport.
without each person's unique thoughts and beliefs, the world become similiarly vapid and dull.
some newspaper have websites you can read the paper without actually paying for the paper this saves you money and was less paper we can save trees.
these help inspire people.
magazines can also have some inaproprate things in them.
another good thing with computers is that you can look up the news and be updated everything that is going on right now.
that is the point im going to get across today.
also, to teach little kids maybe even some adults, people have created a typing game on the computer it will teach kids how to type.
you realize that exploring nature is better than just watching it.
i believe that computers do not benefit society.
therefore i think if you like doing that then the computer is what you need.
in other words, she prooving the fact that books should not be censored in any form of way, in which i take the affirmative side on.
they are the perfect tolls in modern society.
and unfortiunitly not people are the best at hand-eye coordination.
there will never be a dull moment.
some of these books present great learning opportunities to students.
well, without it we wouldn't be alive.
children as young as or years old are exposed to profamily, & vulgar pictures on the web on supposed ""safe sides"".
newspapers are interesting to read and might have little to none offensive remarks in them.
anyone can see what you put so you should be safe.
for example, some albums that contain offensive language or topics have ' ' stickers on them.
normally a phone would have to be glued to you ear but now you hands free.
either way games on the computer are too addicting.
going on a picnic will give you time to get to know new people.
the cause of this problem is obvious and it is kids being addicted to computers.
which was that the world was """" to end back in the year two-thousand because everyone thought that the world was going to end.
hello, i decided to write in to the paper on the topic of computers, and how they benefit society.
he says that is can expand our knowledge.
my second reason why computers have bad effects on people who use them.
i know for an experience that you can find maps to places on line, since i have to go some is here almost everyweek.
it's just simply means everyone in this world is not the same.
there is no doubt obesity is a problem, and computers are making it worse.
if they do not like the item that they picked up, they should take responsibility for their actions, and not blame others for their mistakes.
he is clever at studies.
some websites are for specific games, and same have many games on them.
it is illegal to censor any publication such as books, magazines, music or movies.
lets start by looking an arguement that has been long talked about: library censorship.
if everyone removed anything they didn't like, or found offensive, there would be nothing left in the world for anyone to enjoy.
last reason is i know we have to admit it computers have made me and your life easier.
com and find it in a split second.
so next time your on a computer, remember your hand-eye coordination is improving.
that is need to and help keep the in good shape and can't that from behind a computer screen.
i can say i always go to libraries and read books because i'm not a reader.
everyone will be forced to think the same thoughts if they can't learn about other thoughts that are protrayed to be offensive.
there are so many varieties to choose from.
do you have family who live far away that you don't see much?
in college you will take notes and do assignments.
that is one of my favorite quotes and i don't use it lightly.
talking to worldwide can help you stay in, so you dont lose connection with your.
but is there really anything they can do?
i feel as though everyone has the right to choose what they read and listen to.
if they did not like the book or movie it is their fault for picking it in the first place.
in conclusion computers aren't healthy, keep you sitting, without exercise and aren't nessasary.
this shows that computers can give advices.
computers can be a success to some people.
sometimes computers can inspire people to do something like start a group to make the environment better or go running around ther block.
some find it to be offensive, though.
also, we wouldn't have as much communication with people.
these are the reasons as well as more to why censuring in libraries would help the impact of lies to children lessen.
the alarm clock wakes me up early in the morning.
instaed of entertaining ourselves on computer we could be taking hikes, walks on the beach even our street or playing outside in our yard.
finally, spending too much time on the computer decrease the amount of time spent with friends and family.
inside the forest, there was very little sunlight.
i do all of this stuff alsmost every day!
other wise, they parents are having their job done for them.
they might have a long crimal.
on the shelfs is lots of things with bad laugauge naughty pictures.
wow imagine living without a computer!
'that's a really good book!
dear , , walking into a room seeing people interacting with their computer screen i earning new and exciting, information they can everyday.
they have alot of positive effects on people.
they would rather go on the computer.
every one and every thing looked fresh.
our generation is so dependant on computers.
even though it seems like everybody has a computer, not everybody does.
i don't even consider it to be music, due to the fact that no one actually sings.
young boys and girls also visit the market place for fun.
im not racist but some people are very racist.
you can even buy the game systems.
such as increase light bill payment, obesity and like the experts said, "" time interacting with family and friends.""
computers can be addicting and cause us to play for hours.
using books and other means of research are slow and in efective.
also post and pictures on the internet not always be appropriate.
it's so pretty,"" says .
they lack motivation to exercise as well as help around the community.
the last reason why i support advances in technology is because computers can help us with our reading and hand-eye coordination skills.
for example if you are doing a project for school.
i think that all libraies should exposed what they want they want to ensure knowledge to everyone.
libraries can put age approval marks on certain books to permit only certain age groups to read them.
i beleive came from the media self.
society is always dealing with what is appropriate and what is not.
't listen to those other people stick with my opinion that computers are benefits for everyone.
they also have bad effects, but that doesn't mean we should take them away from people.
, you need a computer for projects.
computers offer numerous ways to chat online.
it people, in shape and healthy of obeseity is caused by of the computers.
computers are a waste of time and they keep family and friends from spending time together.
you, with this tool, can talk face to face with someone on the other side of the world!
read on to find out how the internet helps gain hand eye cordanation.
sundays generally have a fixed routine for the tv programs.
dear the , people have been saying that computers are not beneficial, but they are wrong.
you can learn how to type really fast.
was quoted from an author named katherine paterson.
com, if that was have gotten a zero on the homework.
facebook and are very helpful as well, because one of my best friends moved away in second grade.
we all must understand that although we all have differences in our beliefs, we must prevent censorship and accept all.
i believe that censorship should be allowed when it comes to certain things but i don't believe censorship belongs in public libraries.
it can not strictly be controlled by censoring libraries; it is also in the hands of authors and readers everywhere.
i remember one time when one my friends, got a new computershe wouldn't come out and play basketball with us anymore she just stayed inside.
most adults have been through school and are educated but computers help them make discoveries about space, the human body, etc.
ok, now your homework is done and you want to talk to your friend about your plans on .
dear (newspaper), this is a very controversial topic.
if a sibling is away at college, their , when a family is to gether, they could since new things are discovered through the computer everyday.
they need to look something for history class they have internet.
secondly, computers let you search the web.
there is no way possible that computers are bad.
the other part of the day they should be outside, walking around, maybe playing with pets, children or friends.
many sites amuse us, and we should make use of that.
so use the time on the computer better.
lastly, computer can make people unhealthy.
restrictions such as age for purchase should be raised, that is about the only way that explicit content can be blocked.
thats they learn how to share , your not two anymore but its good to know someone.
i believe that if there are offensive books,music,movies,and magazines are in the libraries.
but not just showing kids around like they use to.
that i have met them i am able to stay them through the computer.
when you use a computer to communicate you are also saving money.""
in conclusion computers are exelent.
you don't know what the weather is like, you don't know what kinds of food they eat.
many books have things people disagree with, but expressing this is a part of freedom of speech.
my first reason is because the computer can teach you how to type faster.
for example, people could insect their own perspective of an idea on websites such as wikipedia and .
person needs about one to two hours of physical activity each day, and only out of people get this amount.""
the snake charmers and jugglers were also there.
so go and share this information with other people to convince them that computers are positive.
all in all computes are good for society.
younger children are not aloud to be exsposed to that stuff if it's bad or not pertand to them.
i helps us get updated on current events shows things that we want to do and shows us how to do it.
this brings me to say that books, music, magazines, newspapers, etc.
of those americans, are children from the ages of to .
people have come to rely too heavily on computers.
most of the time the internet is very helpful.
in conclusion, computers are very helpul because you can learn about foreign countries, have easy access to research, and can talk online.
people are so fat!
i'm certain that you have.
people who are overweight have a higher risk of aging, and if not, then they have some pretty health problems.
also schools can ask alot more of their students because they have all this information at there desposal.
feeble protection is never good.
everyday i would go on the computer a little bit and then go outside for an hour to play basket ball.
computers can also keep you in from outside, to get fresh air and sunlight.
i say this because when you have an addiction to anything, it is hard to stop.
if people pull unsensored things out of the library it will serve no purpose and thats just my opinion.
secondly, you can talk to your family members and friends on the internet.
if there was twenty different books on the shelves many people would be able to look at them and check them out as they please.
he has two pet dogs.
so what are you doing readers?
for example, i play xbox and i talk to my friends over that a lot of the time.
if any book is subject to criticism or opposition, are not all books worthy of the same?
keeps us together and gets i'm not saying that 's always a good thing, because we all need face to face interaction.
life's journey brings bumps in the road which can scare someone deeply and change their life forever.
the bright lights of the screen make your eyes unclear state say more people lose eyesight from looking of a computer than they would by staring at a light.
believe it or not our world within years will be run all on computers, you will not have to do antyihg but wil them.
instead of ruining your eyes you should be exercising, enjoying, and being with family and friends.
i think computers has a positive effect on people.
now that material is gone all because of you thought it was offensive.
even when i was young, we were taught no cussing aloud, and yet you see this all the time in books.
they provide an easier way to life that us lazy need to survive.
but when you stop all of a sudden you played for hours.
another reason, i think its such a lead idea is you do not get to enjoy nature.
no, it does not.
dear newspaper editor, i have recently heard that some people think that computers have a negative effect on people.
lives can be saved.
finally , social relations professional, stated that people end up with a lack of understanding when they cant feel the emotion a person has when he/she is speaking.
therefore, it makes it much easier to learn about a certain place, person or thing.
just doing these things will help your health, energy and your mind.
secondly, computers help us complete our daily work.
because of these should be banned from society for the well- using of the
they also use the internet for communication like ""facebook"" and ""aim"".
people spend more time on the computer then exercising, but theycould still be social in chat rooms.
baseball is why i can bench press pounds.
well that is how the people who sit at computers all day feel like alot!
i feel this way being that lack of email skills, no exercising, and its addicting.
if you have kids you risk your relationship with them.
in a poll, only of years old had, but a recent poll says that now have e-pals.
i am a really smart kid.
computers are helpful to us by doing work that has to be done neatly.
now you, can d everything from your computer.
instead of calling them up or sending them an email you could chat with them and still see them in the flesh!
the computer can keep you up-to-date with the news to!
there where a computer can help you.
it has all kinds of medicines available.
if books, movies, and music were removed then we would not have a better intelligence than we do now.
i also think that more kids would read if they seen their relatives reading too.
that's why i believe computers have a really negative impact on society.
but with computers and online sights like , or you can talk to virtually anyone in the world.
second, we need computers to do research for school and work.
if the consumer walks into a library and is looking for a book to read.
life has gotten easier for everyone.
isn't every parents biggest concern the safety of their children?
in today's society, the computer can make everyday tasks so much easier!
with the facts i have stated, they have supported my reasons.
the first way that it could help develop a smarter brain is reading a lot on the compute.
computers can also provide entertainment for people.
hand eye coordination is also something useful that a computer an teach when you type on keyboard your fingers inprove on reflectsel.
sure enough he was!
are people today spending to much time on computers.
if you want to know more send on.
people need exersise.
so should they be removed from the shelves of our public libraries or should they be able to stay?
finally, offensive movies are actually offensive, whether this be to the kid himself, the parents, or the audience that the movie is targeting.
we should let the computers be in the
he read to our mom everynight before he would go to bed.
say you dont have and you to send a lot.
dear local newspaper, you know any child or teen between the age of eight and seventeen who doesn't live to go on the computer?
well if there's a last minute decision or situation the computers there to help.
people find different things offensive and if everyone took these things off the shelves there would be none left for anyone.
computers today are consuming our world.
i don't think that libraries should remove materials off the shelves that people have complained about.
or if you talk to your friends online so can ask them a question on homework or whats the homework?
the same goes with the movies, i was allowed to watch rated movies when i was eight years old.
we should never give up.
when that happened, stopped using the computer and went back to basketball.
have you seen all the interesting and amazing things that computers allow us to explore?
there are many ways to tell.
man’s conquests over nature tell us about his great powers of mind.
off people exercising out with time in the computer which is unbelievable and terrible.
the hand-eye cordination that people learn on a computer can be used for sports.
my next reason why spending time on the computer too much is bad is because you wont have time for your friends or family.
the main reason somethings should get pulled off the shelf of the local library or school library is if the book was really damaged.
in the it clearly says that there will be freedom of the press.
i guess he was doing illegal stuff online that he had no buisness doing.
for example, you can learn how to use a computer if you don't already know how.
technology is advancing and were going to have to use a computer sooner or later.
ther are many great deals and some companies even deliver for free!
children should not be shelter at a young age to just young adult things because they need to know what else is out there in the world.
also, people can keep in touch with their friends even if they i've in a different country.
when you are using technology usually it is work related.
we i have came up with what i think about it.
my family, which lives hours away by car, love to talk with me by e-mail.
you've been on the toilet of the day and alls youve got is your laptop.
i believe so fo various reasons that i will state through out this passage.
they're everywhere!
unquestionably, there is definitely more reasons why there is a negative affect on kids/adults due to computers for the reasons above and more.
i could just go onto a computer open or download a program a there it is.
and you can take pictures with your own camera, not just a picture you found online.
so the computer is necessary for to function as well.
another reason as to why computers are so helpful to society is that they are tools that help us to keep in touch with others.
i believe that offensive books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the shelves of our libraries.
the victim was a person who overused the computer and frequented the internet.
that one second’s care, might have won him a prize.
now when tries out., makes.
i have come up with reasons to support my opinion.
a few days ago a friend took me to an arphange.
computers allowed more jobs to be made and replaced.
the subject race might come into play in some books in libraries.
i eagerly wait for it all through the year.
i believe that we should not have the right to be able to do this.
and even in construction business.
through the around change need keep one thing the same no matter how difficult it is .
even though everyone isn't supposed to read them, certain people are.
these are my strong opinions on what we should do with todays society.
for being on the computer , not exercising could.
instead of sitting at the computer all people should be out getting exercise.
secondly, people need to enjoy nature.
there are games with virtual worlds or games that are fun and have no meaning.
said that of people that get a new computer spend minutes more than what time they usually spend on it.
one simple way to prevent this is spending less time in the computer.
using a computer can help people in many ways.
i do, and are why i learn about places before i go is by looking that particular place up on the internet.
the fun uses that the computer provides are , , , etc.
later, you come back to the laptop to find that your paper isn't there anymore!
i don't think everyone wants to hear that type of music in a library.
on movies there are age restrictions that inable people at a certian age to be able to watch and people that are within those guidelines to have access.
and if you go the library and they don't have any books, then you're in trouble.
please heed my advice or your kids will be ignoring you when you are talking to them.
now that i'm older i understand that her parents believe what is in 'the ' and nothing more.
been for computers and .
we need to something about these computers.
do i think that if books, movies, music, magazines, etc should be removed from the shelves just becuase they are offensive?
well that's what a computer for.kids use the computer for entertainment.
would you enjoy being bord?
therefore it is better that such things are left up to the person themselves.
if your a busy parent, with kids, you can work online.
libraries have many books for you to choose from and you can pick which book you want to check out.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects computers have on people is that computers have a good effect.
a computer is a very helpful resource.
they provide the public in another way to find a new or another job.
books are books we all read them and summary's over them.
it made me shiver with cold all the more.
four of us reached there, three gents and one lady.
and you could also do like to the and you see people.
nothing has me as amazed as the webcam.
most books are organized in categories by maturity and genre.
computers help people through there trouble.
sure, you can chat with people online, but that's nothing like chatting in person.
would you want all those people to lose ther job because of their skills and techniques towards computer technology?
someone named said the reason is the computers there taking over people lifes.
i don't know what kind of freak convention this is but i'm no part of it.
maybe the greatest benifit of the computer is how much you can learn so easily.
computers are aducating.
hand eye coordination can improve people in sports such as baseball and basketball.
go outside and play with them, sit down and play games.
we want to know the welfare of the person.
first of all if you have a computer you meet new people.
with tele phones it costs money to talk with people in a different country, but with the roputer it is absolutely freen.
of my internatinal calls i do by using a computess, and there are so many ways of talking, also is so easy.""
are never enough hours in the day!""
your not the only person that thinks that way.
the people who find it offensive have the right to not look at it.
but you just can not for get about those books, you have to watch what they are reading.
i believe that their should be a vote to see if we could have thoughs books amd music removed or atleast put in an adult section in the back.
so why should we force others to believe something we think?
finally, it can help them for allowing them to a web page.
and computers help us connect with friends and even meet new people.
from helping small buiness thrive by making it easier to make and recieve orders to help spread information globaly computers make this all possible.
do you think it would make life a little harder?
so you might as well make good use with it.
but i love to play videogames on my computer.
but most importantly computers are fun!
the most popular and common of a computer now is communication.
the reason these citizens use internet is to get the information about the hotel and vacation cite.
when students need information on a school project, they can go on and search it instead of going over to the library.
's now or never i choose now and so should you.
to find that what our parents were once reading is restricted should not be an issue.
my uncle is overweight and was just diagnosed with diabettes and now he regrets all the time he gave to his computer.
i have had personal experience with these kinds of problems.
and giving details on showing people reading this article is that technology of computers also help save.
some children are not quite mature enough to understand that it's not alway 'okay' to repeat what you hear, some words are inapporopriate for young children.
people should not have the complete say in the removal of books.
he is soft-spoken.
i believe along with many others that libraries should not censor out offensive materials.
what i am to tell you is that computers help students with school work like projects.
my entire family is on and i think it's so usefull for several reasons, like making plans and parties.
have you ever been lost?
and then just pulls it of the shelf, then thats one less things for somebody who does like it.
before you know it, there's millions upon millions of websites that can educate you on the subject you want to gain more knoledge on.
you had a computer, you could have simply emailed your boss.
to : i am writing to you today concerning cencorship in libraries.
even excel let's you make graphs and any char t imaginable.
secondly, they are spending to much time on their computer than exercising.
because of that, has changes his name to an unpronouncable symbol.
either to do home work or play games.
a mother of a student in .
plus, computers are great for research.
dear newspaper, i think computers are a good thing, people use computers for buissness.
the benefits of our computers are they connect us, the spread news, and they make every day objects work.
computers help educate people, too.
different people have different hobbies.
dear local newspaper, i believe the computer does have positive perks, but it also has negative perks.
yeah i know computers offer alot but do they offer the fresh air outside, the warm breeze land living animals the earth.
not exercizing is a result of this addiction also.
they keep friend ships close, give you a reason to exercise, and can teach you anything!
reading is yet fun but it is also , with out being in school!
in grade my teacher had everyone do areport on a country me and my friend found this place we had both never heard .
children are also exposed to profain language and behavior when they go to school and work around ither childern who might have offensive behaviors.
i also do not appreciate the other material found in our libraries.
parents just need to be observent to their children and see what they do.
if you are doing a project on fashion a would be excellent to help them find out some tips.
we depend on computers for many things, like keeping in touch with family, helping people learn things, and provide entertainment, just to name a few.
how much a dinner conversation and family party could improve if people were closer with their family.
like the spere it started out with a group of people going under water to explore a ship.
playing games on your computer is a great hobbie!
why should we take them out of libraries?
he does not misuse the facilities provided to him.
one important fact about kid being on the comuter is how dangours it can be.
""on average, computers can increase a persons hand-eye coordination by up to says .
will you say ""i wish i used my computer"" or ""i wish i spent more time"".
because once those seniors open those high school doors and graduate it's no more staying up late and sleeping in and parting on the weekends.
: i believe that computers (for now) are a good thing for our society.
furthermore, the percentage of obese peoples has sky rocketed since then, because people are almost always on the computer, rather than exercising like they should be.
first, i beileve that computers help kids learn.
as you can see, i agree that computers are a bad idea.
people are also not visiting friends and family and those are the most important.
i felt horrible because i didn't realize that i had been doing that.
just like how they have an adult and children section.
to find information everybody uses either google or ask and many more.
lastly, the computer is used for business.
so go explore!
dear , these days are telling kids to go outside instead of vegging out in front of a computer.
well i will say i think they don't understand these benifit that computers bring us.
you pay for the computer outright, but then you have all the up keep and there is lots of up keep.
computure are key in many things.
but, if you don't then you need to get one.
some do not believe that is an opinion.
most importantly, computers will negetively affect children's grades.
computers negatively affect the way people live outside the ""virtual world.""
movies magazines and music is helpful and a libary to.
thats why i think it benfits society today.
do you want your child to have fun?
the world would lose alot of information on important things in their worlds.
with e-mail, you can send a message to some one miles away.
someone could really like it or a group of people could.even if some people find an object offensive someone else might need that object for something like school work.
bad language is not apporaite from kids to be hearing when they are under the age of ten or even older.
we can use a computer to find weather patters which allows us to plan our days accordingly.
there is also a nice bakery shop just outside the market.
i think that computers definatly benefit society.
there are children that know the words to alot of the rap songs out there.
one day, her mother bought her a laptop.
i believe if the parent watches what their child sees then they wouldn't worry about them seeing something offensive.
hand-eye coordination is a and in life.
many passengers came out of the compartment.
a pound no imagin how much wiget you will gain if you do that every day alot!
in the , computer are essential to evey day life.
very big trees looked very small.
the for example.
he takes pains to explain the lessons.
they tend to onlypretend to listen half the time.
some can be a bad influence on younger kids.
he wakes up again early in the morning and gets ready for school.
because the more they just sit around.
i hope that you will understand my point of view and take consideration of my thoughts
instead of being on the computer all day, spending home with family and doing activities with them could be more fun.
so, who are we supposed to believe?
people are spending too much time on their computers and are spending less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
music is a great thing that all age groups love.
and that concludes my opinion on how computers are helpful & lots of diverse ways.
i highly disagree with what the media feeds to our minds as to the way our looks and lifestyle should be.
censoring books at a library is pointless, you take away options, and the experience to learn from certain books.
also, people should be able to speak their minds.
our media is too intertwined with our lives.
also, you probably will need a computer in college.
there are more bad things in them then in books or music.
for example, """" is a way to communicate with friends and family.
dear the local newspaper, i do computers effect people.
more people need to interact with friends instead of going on their computer.
their are also educational websites that kids can go on to learn their math facts to multuplication tables the computer is a good learning tool.
there are millions and millions of websites about places and people.
maybe it would have allowed me to keep a little more innocense for a little bit longer, and maybe i would have respected women more through my youth.
the technology has many great things about it, but theres also a huge down fall.
it can help you find a job.
then there will be no arument about what is soutibal to watch and what is not.
a library should have a variety of books.
did you know that of children are obese at young a young age?
i understand how people say it is used to comunicate with people but back then they didnt have computers and they communicated so we can to.
there are facebook, , and videochat.
many websites are designed for this reason.
computers rise perhaps the only thing that actually benefits our society.
in letter, i will explain.
three of these reasons are pleasure, convienience, and education.
so if you truly think about it computers save us a tremendus amount of time with the things we do.
computers we wouldn't have known anything about the recent earth quake in .
dear, local newspaper, i hear that you think computers have an effect on people.
people almost feel (some do) that they have to go on facebook to harvest their crops in farmtown, or control their on .
in the same store there is a music section and there are children in it all the time.
in most school paper you have to type and provide what websites you used to achieve finishing the paper.
this is why you need to spend less time on the computer.
imagine if nobody had a computer how would we research so much of our knowledge?
when we read, we find books that are to our own enjoyment, we look for books that can spark ideas and images in our heads.
in some cases there are people who write very slappy to a paint where he or she cannot read his own writing nor can a teacher.
what do we do now that governments are starting to censor the internet?
the applications that i mostly use are , , and .
when you are always on the computer you're ignoring your family and this hurts them emotionally.
secondly, you shouldn't be on the computer for a long amount of time because you should instead be enjoying nature.
for example, i take spanish and i earn culture points for my class by answering a question on the computer.
i went on the internet, typed in my question about reading, and two seconds later thousands of results up.
every author has an intended audience when they are writing a book, and they write about what they think is appropriate for that certain audience.
www.exploretheworld.org wrote that of the people who use the website are students.
in conclusion, computers have negative effects that get to all people.
oh this very topic, i am agreeing with the experts who say people are sending too much time on their computers and less time doing other things.
so then i decided the next time i have a project to do it on the internet.
lastly, if you want information on a particular school, you can just search it online and find its website.
those are some ideas, but i have some more don't worry and details to go along with those ideas.
as, you can see a computer is so helpful and is a great resource.
as a personal experience i could now talk to my cousins wqho live in and due to the great interaction site of facebook.
in the past, books have been censured by rulers and leaders who thought that the material was harmful.
there is one thing computers are mostly used for, and thats to learn.
the child needs to know that killing is wrong and justice is good and magic and dragons don't exist.
it's actually fun once you try it.
computers are a great way to refine your hand-eye coordination skills.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
most books on sex teaches you the right and wrong things to do and how to stay self.
this is terrible because kids never get to spend time with family and do not show appreciation for their parents do for them.
we will ask each other on this website.
when having a computer its very helpful in life and can help you in a lot of areas.
reading a new kind of book might even open people's eyes to what differences there are in the world.
don't allow this.
the computer lets you interact with other, keeps you entertained and is very helpful and profitable.
these are the kinds of things that make me feel that computers are beneficial to society.
blessed are those who have good neighbors.
nothing should get to out of line were it's an issue with a numerous amount of consumers complaining about the same topic.
computer are the reason that research has contuined to thrive and continue to be made.
if it weren't for hand-eye cordination you wouldn't even be able to pick things up because your hands wouldn't go where you eyes were looking.
i do not belive that libraries should have censorships.
entertainment is dull, and it is hard to receive books for learning.
but yes some of them can be more grafic than others, but that doesnt mean you have to take them off the self.
the more people die from using the computer to much the higher the death toll will be.
the answer is no.
so yes, computers have a positive effect on people.
its you on computers are esier.
and that crowd deserves to enjoy every last word.
to keep on going americans are the smartest people in this world and our very well.
i like when the people around me are happy, not grouchy, don't you?
have good times and cheer you up when you upset.
taking away one book because of one sentence that seems vulgar and inapropriate for young readers is wrong.
to it concern, today people of all ages are useing computers.
after being on the computer for so long all they have time to do is eat, sleep, and go to work or school.
all he did was sit and play games like wars or .
and how i think the years to come it will impact our lives bigger and better.
they would most likely to tell people to not get it and tell the school that they were offended by the material.
no book should ever be taken off the shelves of libraries.
there are thousands of website loaded with information can anything and evrything.
in fact, pardon me.
if you havent visted the park in a while it would be great.
a student, who studies computer mechanics, quoted, "" help prevent brain damage by limiting the use of computers to only what needs to be done.
some movies are not rated appropriately either.
he is also a builder.
i do not believe that movies, books, music, etc.
i know from my own experiences that the internet helps.
a lot i'm sure.
he said using the internet also saves more time.
learning about places is very important because you could get lost.
these books are too old for a elementary school age child and maybe even a middle school age child to be reading.
many people are always on one of those, instead of talking in person.
another detail is that the computer messes up your eyes by staring at that type of screen.
it could be helpful to many people and at the same time it can be offensive to alot of people.
for some people, having a computer make you money, and who wouldn't like more money?
the library should have a variety of books if not what if the point of a library.
whether you are doing work or things for pleasure.
i would also like to mention that computers provide a popular form of communication.
what do , , and all have in common?
replacing such books like these on the shelves for anyone to read isn' right.
many people use computers for research, jobs, shopping, homework, and more.
well.... we should!!!!
my perspective is that if you don't like what you see then put the book, magazine or whatever it might be up.
i eagerly hope that letter hase helped you see point of view on this subject.
secondly internet access allows people to meet new people.
hand-eye coordination is not something you are born with.
it was real troublesome.
i just rolled my eyes and went on about my buisness.
some people might say that a computer won't help you much really is possitive to use .
drop the computer sead as book, meet up with friends and family, keep your jobs.
computers have a great affect on people seeing as it allows people to talk and interact with one another.
about a faraway country to chatting with cuson that lives in california and also knowing whats going on in your own home town.
computors have definitely had an impact on society that changed the world.
if books were censored, literature would have an immediate downfall and the quality of learning would not be the same.
it is understandable to a certain point.
then, they end hurting themselves.
the freedom of speech, and religion, and even what type of movies you want to watch.
computers are very troublesome.
while some people think were not wasting our time on the computer.
first off, computers enchance our hand-eye coordination skills.
if i do not like it, then i just change the song.
this amazing technology has helped students, teachers, doctors, police officers and even you bank aggents serve our community and make it a better one.
there are many websites that have games you can play.
many people enjoy violent writing or gorey movies.
your family and friends have always been there for you.
any and everybody can come and read any and everything they please.
finally, the internet helps because you can receive news through it.
you can also learn about different people and places.
for example, is a sight designed to match people up for romantic relations.
they might even like it.
they'nt safe some people get really injured or murdured.
north courier, i would like to give you my opinion on the usage of computers.
heaven and earth.
in our society today there is always going to be something that someone disagrees with or dislikes.
there should be a positive affect on the child at all times so he or she is brought up to the best of its abilities
people have different oppions, of whats good and whats bad.
you can buy plan tickets.
the due to lack of driving skills.
in conclusion, computers help in all different ways.
i belive that the view on censorship in libraries are fine as they are for many reasons.
from recent studies by , of people whouse computers too much are overweight.
no problem, you have a computer at home.
they can help us learn new things, we all can meet new people.
this book was filled with hate messages and how the people shouldn't be allowed to live amongst the 'supposed' .
computers serve as a great source of communication.
computers used to be helpful devices full information, enjoyment and talks with aunt's uncles, and even your friend .
no, becuase something you like could be taken away by someone else.
a ton of people are out of jobs and can't support their families.
more information, the better the grade.
we have a live chat on or even .
i know lots of people don't go outside exercise but i agree with some expert.
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf, then you also have the exact same right and so does everyone else.
says, ' look i was only kidding with the girl, she needs to learn how to take a joke.'
my mom is a waitress and she needs a lot of cordination she tells me.
that was not acceptable at the time and with all the evidence in the world they still couldn't help him.
doing such the phone would be very expensive.
librabries should pay attention to these ratings before putting the books in the libraries.
you want my opinion on the effects computers have on people?
everyone has interests in different types.
e-mail has been around longer than other websites like and myspce which allow you to keep daily tabs on them.
the firemen got down to work immediately.
if somebody likes to play sports they shouldn't don't on for three hours instead they invite a couple of friends to lay same basketball.
what i am really saying is that i try not to let other peoples beleifs get in my head and change my own beleifs.
in conclusion is a very useful thing.
people don't like to be told no in my personal experience.
beyond this, the library should leave the rest of the decisons to the reader.
but then again, you could pay your bills on line!
it is live todays spend cover hours per week on computers.
then why should that person be punished by someone who has to make a big deal out of something.
it keeps me up to date with currents.
this is why computers are good to have and be on for a reasonable amount of time.
studies have shown that of people that use computers have an increased hand eye when doing activities like sports or games.
one time i ran out of minutes on my phone and i didn't have internet.
people rather look stuff up on the computer but as soon as they're finsh the start playing games or the computer.
computers can also teach hand-eye cordination.
on top of that, they want to get rid of all the books that say 'nigger' and replace them with books that say 'slave' instead.
why cant the world be more open?
also, the computers become the center of their lives.
there are some magazines and movies i feel shouldn't be in librarys, and those are as follows: pornography, non-educational movies, , and social networks.
as you can see this is my first reason as to why i believe computers are positive.
if she had a computer, she could go on to the website and check, but she doesn't.
if they write literature.
now aren't these some great advantages?
also, due to the high amounts of information online, schools seem to be growing obsolete as computers typically hold all information obtained in a regular school year.
so please libraries do something so parents don't need to worry about what there kids read these days.
people like joking around with others.
first, computers are great to use for research instead of books that waste tree.
they enjoy simple dress and adorn their houses with necessary furniture.
if they have a problem with what their children are reading, then they should deal with that personally.
durning school one day all of our teachers told the class that most of the books in the libary is going to be took off the shelves.
computers are gonna help you through life alot, welcome to the real world.
since then, they have been updated over and over untill what they are today.
while using a computer you can many things.
they find these things to be offensive.
i we don't have them how will we be able to learn anything in this world.
the people are spending way too much time and not benefiting.
many people use this method for jobs.
today's society is helping mother nature not only in our actions, but in computers too.
they were created for older more mature readers.
instead, the money can be spent on schools, and especially the wars!
stay at home moms can easily make money while doing daily chores like washing dishes.
it leads them to believe everyone, including their heros in books and movies, does these things.
without air you would be taking in chemically changed air, which is not good for your body.
dear local newspaper, i've heard about your problems with computers, and would like to state my opinion.
check the computer!
they allow to talk to people thousands at miles away man instant.
another reason that computers are helpful is they can help people with reading.
they will never get to learn about it if they take the book out because one person finds it offensive or doesn't like it.
what are we hiding from?
our planet is run by us humans and if we don't take care for its necessities, we will all die including our beloved planet .
if your going to get information on a topic that you know nothing about, it would be nice to find a book telling all about the topic.
do you prefer wealth to health?
anything you need you can find it on the computer.
it is simply a place to inform, and if someone is offended by what they see, they should stay away from the library.
sister loves nature, she loves taking pictures of beautiful scenery.
having a computer is mandatory for school.
the reason being on why i stopped being his friend was he to get mad if i come over there to ask if he can come outside.
lord buddha was one of the greatest religious teachers who ever lived in the world.
as adults, you should know how much obesity matters.
and a plus you can communicate with people from all over the world.
libraries are one of the number one resources when researching, reading, or gaining information and knowledge.
not everyone has to listen to rap, nor do they have to listen to opera.
in our school, we are taught about the risks of computers, and how to prevent any possible .
some readers appriciate it, while others do not.
in person interaction is better than online, because you see how the person you're talking to is reacting to everything you say.
out of of family members and friends agree with mom.
thus creating a decision usually for the parents, usually assuming they are the ones to but the album or the music for their child.
we used to have about .
we need to enroll more and create more exercise equipment, but will people find out?
but what about theaters you ask?
you can find info about there future person they can look up there.
therefore, computers conect people.
also people become way to dependent on such matchines that they can become addicted to them.
a survey conducted by the school social studies teacher shows that of their students used teh computers to find facts for school projects.
instead of sending a boring letter that takes forever to get there, you can hook up with your friends, you haven't seen in a while.
you can just push that power button and tree to your coach asking what time you need to be at the feild.
first of all, if people never used computers they would miss out on an immense opportunity to learn about the world around them.
the computer has trillions of websites that people you can anything fromhow man started to the.
i went be an ideal teacher.
the disabled, some due to natural causes and others due to their mentors-have no option.
i think they are very good to have because you can use them for emailing, jobs, and schoolwork.
i believe that people should be able to go on computers for needed actions such as research.
my opinion is that computers should only be us to see your mail or to learn something you want to find out in the computer.
this can lead them into getting obese.
i don't get offeneded by swearing because its usually used in a funny way, like telleing jokes, or it makes a crappy song good.
they actually can be quite good for people.
then they will say "" did i do with life?""
and so i concluded that techknowlogy/computers have a positive and negative impact on socuoty.
on the other hand, the computer is a nifty device and can be very handy at times like if your need perfect directions or need a question answered.
time flys by fast.
instead, they were working.
if something bad has happened you will know this and will be able to help them.
should you really be the one to make the decision on who takes it down?
these are all things that should not be allowed to access on a computer.
this extremely reliable and accurate.
computers are growing keeping is on top.
he was born in india.
i frequent my computer almost every hour, so i made a system to ensure i got exercise.
in my conclusion, censorship is not good in our public libraries because it taking basic things out of the libraries and taking half of the reading from people.
whenever there is a knock at the door, we rush to open the door.
because all of thoes kids know how to type, they can spell better too.
this helped me be less clutteres and keep all my work in our place.
you never know what coud happen on a computer there's website's there and some could start a virus on your computer.
most people including understand that computers are a benefitful and fantistic source of technology.
i would improve the discipline of my school.
i will read any book of listen to any type of music, it actualy widens my taste in certain materials.
i believe that books that have something offensive in them should not be censored.
everyone had a differnt point of view and sees things differently.
she told her father that i've never recieved a letter from you in my entire life span.
usually computers can do much more good than bad, and can make a persons life much easier.
dear newspaper, people use computers in their everyday lifes, & having computers has become customary to many people throughout the .
in conclusion computers are great machines.
just because of a , many issues rise.
we had our food which we had carried with us.
yes, computers can get addicting but, its always good to go outside and exersise.
people who stare on computers non-stop can make them not exercise.
computers aren't always safe for teens and children of all ages.
some dont understand what they are doing and if bad info or a picture sends out, it can fully negatively impact your career or edecation.
if you didn't have good hand-eye coordination, you wouldn't be able to catch the ball or be able to hit the ball when you swing.
censorship, in regard to moving the books to a new location where a child can stumble upon it, is the best choice.
well, those games require one key thing i hand-eye coordination.
books, books, and more books.
computers are useful for adults as well.
teens and other children get put into peer prushior.
you spend about more or less on the computer each day, but good reasons.
this is a amazing thing to be able to do.
fellow , i painfully state this fact.
some people don't know it is like to be truely offended.
it's alarming!"
it helps us by showing us away out from our daily streesful lifes and sometimes you learn in books and songs of how other people deal with their stress.
website text is not the anything that provides information far eager learners also provide pictures to further the persons understanding about a topic.
no matter what a person's purpose for reading is, they should have a choice of what kind of material the book contains.
our society has been around computers so often that some peole will find it hard to even live without them.
technology has helped many people and still continues to.
support your position with convincing arguments from your own experince, observations, and/or reading.
whatever you say on the internet can be read & posted anywhere, any site, any time, whereas in real life its really you talking.
from personal experience, observations, and reading of the issue censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
school is a big thing now-a-days.
so computer have chipped into that.
for instance we could meet someone from and learn about his or hers culture or beliveths.
in conclusion, i think that computers are a waste of time.
if your playing some music, dacing around, and just having fun with it then thats good.
their are many harmful and bad influences out their today that can determine the childrens futures.
this is only going to happen if you interact face to face with them.
so are businessman benefited by him.
but, this is just my opinion, it won't mean anything if you don't agree.
have you ever been in a situation where a stray dog needs a home i have and by helping these animals you're saving life.
hockey is played on grassy fields.
censorship is a tricky concept.
to begin, computers allow people to have conversations with others...that are halfway across the world!
however i think people used computers the most for communication.
no one can stop what is coming, you just have to learn to live with it and move on.
when i was was in fifth grade i liked to read alot.
also the maintenance of the computer will take away time for exercising.
new computers now have webcams.
censorship in a way stops the flow of what people learn.
the piano helps my hand-eye coordination as well as it teaches discipline and dedication.
people might get offended and stop going to the library.
of kids donot do there home work because of computers.
every kid gets bored when its a rainy day.
no one should be alowed to tell you that you can't write a book as you want to write it.
computers is what we use to live we need them to survive.
my mom makes sure i for at least mins everyday.
there are a ton of books out in the world that have a deep meaning and a sense of compasion.
some might not like comedy because of some of the rude humor.
like i said as americans we have the freedom to do and say how ever we feel about something without being worried about what will happen.
i believe that computers aren't a bad thing.
there is a level of media that is not as appropriate as it should be but that does not mean it has to go away completely.
also if someone upload a virus into your they can take all of your personal information, like your social security number.
today, parents don't mind sending their children off to college as much because they can actually see them using video chat websites like .
what makes students and parents more happy to see 's on their child's paper?
though i am not trying to benefit those whom seek the material, i think it would.
one example is when your teacher says ""i want a essay on and i want it to be neat.""
in conclusion, i do believe that this material should be taken off the shelves of public libraries.
the computers teach us great things such as learning about a vacation spot or a far off country.
however, they could of turned out differently if they just shut down their computers.
without computers kids would get more exercise and be less overweight.
if people banned all the movies they thought were inapropriate.
you can communicate with them through , or both.
we went to the hotel and went inside our rooms rested for a while and went shopping.
if the author works hard on writing the story they shouldn't get punished for expressing their feelings in a story.
however, i also think that the content in the school libraries also depends on the maturity of the students.
it could limit one's exploration of interests.
computers provide games for everyone from ages to .
they let us talk to friends and family around the world.
the newspaper should also have a very strict code of ethics to which it should conscientiously adhere to.
but, what you can answer from that is it would allow people to learn from there mistakes.
music is even worse because children can picture what ever they want to based on what is being said in the lyrics.
dear , i have recently heard over that that people believe comuters have different effects on people.
did you know that information on the internet is wrong?
people interpride it different than others.
dont want to destroy these over a simple piece of technology.
most, to all, times the takes from the genre.
as you can plainly see, computers are not turning us all into zombies.
also it can help you get on ethnic back round to learn about faraway places.
i mean, computers help people learn how to use there eyes and hands t the same time.
thank for reading about how we need to mange our time issues, how we use the computer and computer dead.
but, using a computer can solve that problem.
cyberbullying can be just as harmful.
so the next time your friend says to go online after school, say you'd rather not because you don't want to get addicted.
not only will this allow you to get information faster, but it will allow our society to ""be in the game.""
i am also going to argue the vost world of learning that is provided by computers.
there is a cut-off as to how inapropreate or volgure something should be and still be allowed in a public library.
, you can't search words on .
it have language in it that the parents don't like.
they can learn about far away places.
some people do not love in an area where they can connect with family by a simple call or a drive.
anybody who is a of a company has a laptop.
everything happens online in you portable laptop, instead of having to go to and from a college.
i am a believer in, if it bothers you or upsets you, dont read it.
there are people that think that any libraries should have any bad books.
thank you for the time to read my letter.
by being able to search anything, help children with homework, and pass the time if you have nothing to do.
they're are a lot of positive things about computers.
you might need the computer to search up things for a project.
for example you spend less time exercising and that isn't healthy for your body physically.
there is facebook, twitter, email, aim, and many more.
wanse again the thing that is called did this.
computers don't keep people fit and healthy so they should find something else to do instead.
the newspaper just found out that there is a big arguement going on saying that computer are not benefiting society.
all those people didn't want poor vision but beacuse of the computer they got that wich really stinks.
i hope you take this into consideration and understand my reasonings for what i have said
plus there about 1/ seconds google call all up millions of websites just what ""elephants"".
about of are overweight or obese.
students usually have to do projects on places in the world and the computer is the main source of intelligence.
some pros are they show magnificant pictures of nature and it would pictures until you want to send them by email.
not just certain types of genre and themes or magazines.
do you believe that certain materials,such as books, music, movies, magazines, ect., offensive?
i like my school very much.
she was carrying a big bouquet of flowers in her hands.
going out into the real world might be hard, but it is something that should be done.
computers are so advanced in technology that they can find you an agent in no time.
of stuff it sucks people in but some cant get out.
, were you aware that for every min you are on the computer you should spend min outside.
for example, if you bought a game system it would cost well over but on a computor you can find and play games for free.
for instance, last month i sprained my ankle and i stayed home from school for one day.
so we say, a stitch in time saves us from having none stitches later on.
if you dont want to see dont look.
last night, i had a test on the and i went online, typed in ""the "", and found helpful cites on it.
movies, this is a big one just about all the movies are bad.
people need to put their feet in the company's shoes and realize that if it was them, they would understand.
like people on the other side of the state or country.
this is why it should not be tollerated because people are being lazy.
i strongly disagree, i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
lastly, computer teach you about many countrys.
first and foremost, computers allow people to talk to friends and family.
about of children are more attached to colorful objects than books with words in them.
if you already have a computer then your fine.
without the computer you can't communicate with family.
do you just tell your kids to close there eyes and cover there ears?
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers have a negitive affect on people today.
who knows, it takes a little bit for a squad car to get around, even longer if your in a city.
for example, if an employee wanted to speak with a boss, or send some thing to him, he could easily e-mail it to him.
games, music, and videos are always on the internet.
the shopkeepers are honest and sell quality products at reasonable prices.
there are many reasons why censory shouldnt be in libraries.
a computer is very helpful for taking these classes because if you did not have one it would incible you from taking the class.
then that would almost be everything gone cause 's always that one person that takes the wrong way and has to feel offended.
when you get exercise you can lose weight.
local shop owner says, ""i barely have time for myself!
the most common, computers are widely used by a majority of people, but are computers really beneficial to society?
no one will ever be able to learn of what was to become of that writing and of those ideas.
even if some content is offensive some people it could still be a important part of history that people need to know
those books should not be censored from libraries because of words or ideas that are found offensive.
dear , the average teenager spends hours on a computer daily!
i understand why you think computer dont have an effect on people.
my favorite place to go is northern in .
those are some that nobody should even produce.there are video copies of television shows as well, which can be alright.
scientists say that about of all have communicated with someone at least once through computers.
why beacuse there are many people out there that read read stuff and listen to stuff that you might not like at all.
the latest thing in the communicating is video chating.
these examples show how important the internal to learn about people and places, maybe give a helping hand.
i honestly dont think that anything in the library is so offensive that it needs to be took out.
off the shelf freely?
when they are allowed to read any book and not sit infront of a television screen all day they learn more.
this doesn't mean that they should take the things people don't like off the shelves in order to satisfy them.
the trips would not have been possible without help researching and making flights with the computers.
dear local newspaper, computers are harmfully effecting the children, and they are going to effect generations even more.
imagine the impact if the had locked away every copy of the because it brought about change and controversy.
ever since made the popular disk around, people have been using computers alot.
in conclusion, its easy to see why the computer and its resources are so loved.
firstly, spending hours and hars on the computer gives you no social skills what on ever.
some were discussing politics.
that is my only ambition.
when it comes to computer they have saved many people life.
these pads help him in walking or running on the sand.
they also help connect people from all over the world in little time and are a neccesity in science research.
you can call your friend up and have them come over your house instead.
you'll be absent, as i'm sure they won't have a webcame there.
it is true and if one is physically fit, it leads to his mental health.
discoveries cannot be made about new species on the computer, a computer cant find for your find .
this happen by letting the computer be your constant companion.
luckily, with the help of police, they were able to find this guy and arrest him before he got to .
people can lie and say they are a doctor in their 's when they are really a year old working at .
the technology of computers has benefitted todays society and has helped people achieve great things.
i think it should be.
has stopped playing soccer and because she prefers to spend time on facebook.
everybody has questions, wouldn't you agree?
it also a great way to make friends!
but these social networking sites help them come out of their shells and make them a little less shy and make more friends.
that is what i believe in
all 's trying to do is help us and out education helps me with spanish sometimes.
for instance, this year i had a sciences project about how my hobbies interests are related to science.
what would you say if i told you technology was pushing them away?
we would learn this and would be able to teach others.
thus, i urge you to do whatever is possible to use the computer less or face the consequences that come with it.
many people have laptops in their home or with them.
people have the right to choose what books they and what they about.
do computer hurt you fate a you exercise?
after you get done with that ask him/her wants a stack of the books, etc., that offend you.
not only that but we need computers for school.
the children are the future of the world.
you can do many things on it.
make sure you go outside and have a great time too!
some facts are easily found on the interneat?
computers are definately a staple for learning & education.
therefore, people should not try to remove it.
the effects on the computer puts on us can vary.
she has built the nest with twigs and leaves.
it has a very grand and imposing building.
think off all the calories that build up without exercise.
a well-read newspaper, your stand on this subject will influence the minds many.
i recommended the website, www.indianow.com and in two weeks she was speaking like an expert.
in conclusion computers are very convinient for our society today.
he decided to get a colledge degree, so he started to attend a colledge.
some enjoy things that others not.
however, others feel they are too consuming.
thus, computers help a humans life be enchacing their reflexes.
if think that books etc are offensive they will just have to deal with it.
like have sections for young kids then teens and then adults.
for example; magizines are horrible to me.
everyone uses them or has used them before.
this shows that by always going on the you hurt your academic skills.
now imagine if computers faded away?
you can walk away and then came back when you hear that you got a message.
in the today we have something called freedom, we exercise this right everyday with what we wear, and what we say.
usually kids like chatting on instant message just for the pleasure of talking to your friends.
you can either email them or talk to them from a web cam.
also there is alot of content.
i can list some books, movies music i like, for instant twoo books i like are blood is thicker untill we again by .
i know it will surprise you when i tell you that the average person spends about ten hours on a computer a day!
so plants and trees help to generate fresh air.
this proves that just because there is now something fun and new, it doesn't mean everything else is trash.
this decision is now up to you.
his children also live a simple life.
we would also be pretty missinformed about life.
a staticstic is out of 's each have their own computer in the house.
as you can see the online internet can be very use but not something that should be used non stop it can affect you helth and bring other dangers.
these are only a few of the techniches a computer has.
how do you think people can shoot a gun so and so quickly or how do you think a baseball player can swing at such a perfect time.
if you stay cramed in your house fun.
it is our moral duty to help to the weak, the hungry and the suffering people.
with censorship you are only stripping the freedom of press away from people.
you shouldn't focus your life on your computer.
so go and limit the time you on computer.
kids and parents should only be aloud on the computer then go outside.
they look for knowledge and taking away a persons' learning capacity can be harmful to everyone.
besides the other factors computers retard teens learning.
computers have become the most helpful source of technology.
a real life cannot be lived in a dark room with no people or no nature.
if these materials are seperated from others, there will not be a problem.
i belive that they need to keep every thing and gain more.
in conclusion, the computer technoligy has benefited many people.
i have present a strong arguement against computers that you listen to or not.
also, using a computer ables you to talk to other people from faraway places or friends you have not seen in a while.
i also think that is easy to get addicted to the computer, i should i was a person that spent time on the computer and wasn't good.
computers are used by millions of people every day.
what be historical or even informational to one person it will be offensive to the other and vice versa.
even if you don't know this if you spend more time on the computer than with your family and friends this affects them in many ways.
then by doing that and taking it off the self just because they didnt think it was an apropriate book.
and you can send pictures or videos to people in order to keep in touch.
one thing that peolpe should have a choose of what they read and other stuff.
moreover, statistics show that of all obese people in a weight loss class had gained their extra weight from sitting at the computer all day.
in conclusion computers should be taken seriosly because they do help society.
you can talk with friends, listen to music, play games or do all three at the same time.
students grades will suffer and will not obtain class credits if this problem is not mentioned.
then my grandmother came out.
this is what computers can do to help our socity become better.
the protective parents can deny their own children the media they deem inappropreate, instead of the world.
i also find it interesting when people are very dramatic when trying to get there point across.
even thought alot of people will dis agree, this is what i believe should happen.
with toxic, the layer and skin cancer on the rise.
definitely, computers benefit society.
from my own experience, people in my elementary school were not able to enjoy reading a popular series of books at that time period.
also if you use censorship then it's going to effect literature in a bad way.
support advances in today's technology to help improve life for those of.
on average, computers complete work fifty times more efficiently than people do by hand.
except, of course, if they don't have internet access.
thats what you hear your parents say all the time right.
it has change the world.
i know what i am allowed and not allowed to read.
you can do all of that stuff if you just get off the computer.
they are very useful for teens in school for projects, but they benefit adults in many ways too.
one year i went on vacation to .
your friends want to hang out with you and they want to go to the mall.
another example is my neghbor spent all day!
when you loose your connections and become you will use your computer more and then will become worse.
dear , a resent concern has built up among experts that computers have negitive affects on the society.
she told me ""i'm sorry, i guess i was to busy on the computer e-mailing other people.""
dear , computers have a positive impact on people.
in addition to unlimited information the web olds thousands of different web pages.
this gives me more time to do things like play outside and exercize.
take my advice and buy a .
also, peopel talk online way too much.
people learn much of what they know from the computer.
my sixth grade teachers once said, "" i was in college, i had a big french paper due.
people are trying to rewrite history; to sugar-coat the truth.
others have different ideas.
there's no more need for driving to the town library and then searching through countless books and encyclopedias.
my parents have also realized that i've been wasting so much time on the computer they've blocked the internet.
that brings satisfaction to my life.
also computers become a habbit if a person uses a computer everyday of there life it will become an addiction then they won't be able to stop.
certently you care about your nose and want to be able to smell a nice warn apple one.
the reason for this is because if your writing an email then you should know the keys that your fingers touch.
we need this fixed
computers offer many sites such as facebook or myspace o connect with loved ones.
lets say you play baseball and you forgot what time your game is.
from the reasons above, i state that computers are useful because they give people the ability to learn about anything they want.
a few clicks here and type in a word and i am watching a funny episode of "" of #"".
however, i would stop going to the library if that happened.
the second reason for not removing offensive material is that there is no way to get away from it.
and they older what then what they say.
did you know that in a recent poll in the , of use computers everyday?
also, you can learn about many things on and how its changing.
), help out neighbors ect.
that you will never meet in real life and won't socialize to the about there life and to hang out with.
people and life are now smarter quicker, faster, and easier.
na, if we gotten difference have nevir pickel.
and even if you can't attend a gym you could easily walk around your neighborhood.
the benifits of computers are many and the problems few.
he takes the letters and other circulars from the principal to the teachers.
not only i sthat my opinion, it is also more of a fact.
yes, i believe that libraries should remove certain materials from the book shelves if they are found offensive to someone.
so thing can happen if you do the wrong stuff.
well the internet does.
they tell these young girls to meet them places and that's how our young girls, and boys, gets kidnapped, rapped, and end-up killed.
kidding.""
that is why computers are needed.
moreover, computers help with communication.
what i mean is, if we censor one offensive book then we have to censor every book that someone finds offensive.
if someone finds something offensive, then they don't have to check it out.
also, you can talk with your friends if your phones not working.
if we dont, its bound to repeat it self.
the books that children read varys.
you use your computer for finding out whats going on, what the weather is like, and instead of the ?
he is a selfless person.
this is because it causes them to not go outside excersising and enjoying nature.
as you know that many countrys are becoming obese because the lack of exersize.
""!""
did you know you should have a minimum of min in sunlight each day?
well no more!
not everyone finds the same books offensive and taking them off the shelves could upset many people.
when we want to go out to the movies my brother stays home on the computer.
however, the government cannot ban everything that they deem innapropriate.
the wasn't always a equal place.
in society today, people take things in very many different ways.
sometimes when parents try to pull their kids closer they actually push them away.
they aren't always for just helping.
you can use this method for almost anywhere you want to go.
they should have a section just for those movies.
so think about going on the computer all day and night.
parents think we kids are wasting our time playing games on the computer, but we are actually challenging our minds and our hand-eye coordinatin ability.
yes i said it they should stay wright where they are.
if you pick up a book or magazine and you think it offends you then don't read it, grab a knew one.
by doing this he expects a better harvest.
all of the people who do not take these things offensively will be glad that they are not removings books, magazines, music, etc.
have you ever walked into the library hoping to find a good book, and picked up a very volgar and inapropriate article?
i have to say that i agree with them.
so why not have it in the books, and movies?
she became very lazy.
so if you ever get asked if censorship in libraries should be allowed then think back to everything i've said before you give your answer.
you never get up unless you absolutely need to.
this not seem like much but, on the battle field, it can make the difference between life on death.
having good hand-eye coordination can also save you life.
the two of you can chat and take a walk, or play a game, not just sit infront of a screen the whole day.
like sex, drugs, etc..then they should make books and movies to show how bad these thing are.
who can find enough room?!
they can been used to look up information, talk to family and friends music etc.
there is less family time and comunication between family members these days, due to computers.
the last reason is the most important to of family.
that is a good thing and could help people with everyday problems like , getting an answer to a problem, and , work.
when i interviewed from the military he said, "" use those helicopters all the time.
how could they talk in front of the teacher!
if your the type of person that is a at something.
getting in trouble can mean some serious punishment.
therefore, computers are a benefit to society.
if the libririan knows the book is not something a young kid should read then they shouldnt let them check it out.
everyone has access to the library in your district and can look at anything that is there.
well you can be done with the hours of looking if you just use a computer, then you can get outside, and play games.
just in the last century movies have came along way in advancement.
it was her decision to keep reading it.
maybe not even watch certain materials but others, that might be there part of livlyhood.
prctically the entire world uses computers as a source of communication, so why be indifferent?
if people didn't have google or yahoo they wouldn't know what to do, computers are very good for research.
computers of websites including facebook, and myspace that can help people stay in touch/find family and friends.
lets just say someone asks you who was the president of the where would you go to find that answer?
drug use and rape would go down.
you could always because it is always better to make new friends.
sure you could quickly send them a message or like , but is it ever bad to do the good old fashion calling?
while ' a'las what sorrows can be seen over yonder' tells us that love can be found anywhere.
in my school there are several students with special needs.
any of the things that they read in a magazine or see in a movie are things that they could easily look up on the internet.
people are alwasy listening to music.
games as these are used frecquently thoughout the world.
these are key factors that show us that you can have fun on computers and still have time for family and friends.
states that we will have no books left of the shelf to read if everyone removes a book they do not approve of.
buy a whole , a couch, and even your groceries in only ten minutes.
using the computer is not a good price to pay for you health!
dear newspaper, in think that computers are not good for the society.
the internet allows you search different topics and basically has everything and anything you could ever think of.
it is much easier to learn on the computer than to go to the library and check out a book.
for my last reason on this matter is that you wont have friends.
on the back of movies there is a rateing on bad the movie is.
my mother took me into the library and i found a book, 'a .'
hi im henry and i agree that if there are books in a school libray or a public libray that are offensive they should be removed.
if your a boy you could just go like a park and pay carrer base bill or even wrestle.
is famous for it’s ability in talking.
no matter what happens i think coumputors bennafit more than the problems
no more ignorant co-workers or no angry boss everythings a-okay.
there are thousands of videos listed on this site and millions of people who watch them.
many teachers can have students research projects with the click of a button.
you will agree with me and why i think that.
some people were talking.
they would know righ away just by clicking on the internet.
but my opinion is that the comuter is great and it does not keep people away from other activitys.
president even says the computer is where of the world gets info.
first people will became anti-social.
without computers this would will be nothing.
need to stop the computer with adults.
computers can be good or bad.
a bad thing about the computer i can do is bringing up a virus.
the freedom to write and make books and music and movies is not all about entertaining people.
libraries carry many different kinds of books.
some kids take online that does recieves around computers to do really have a choice.
most of our daily homework is on the computer.
if you had a family member far away, this could be a good way to talk to them.
people should be educated on the negative effects computers bring!
as you can see their are so great ways you can use the computer to help your sociatey.
also computers are very convient, if you need information on a topic right away.
which i'm very thank full for computers and all of the great stuff you do.
the one advance that has stood out above the rest is the invention of the computer.
my reason for using this is because my work is important to me.
those who support advance in technology believe that computers have a positive affect on people.
multiple servers proud .
a lot of things are offensive because of religion beliefs, but not everybody has the same religion or even a religion at all.
i dont get offended easily, so i can read just about anything.
life already has enough distractions in it, why add another distraction?
you can do something with them online.
if you need directions or help finding a phone number, a computer can help in multiple ways.
music is everywhere it's kind of hard to shelter your kid from music anyways because it's, well everywhere.
unfortunatley, friendships can be .
school moti bagh.
all of these things are computers are doing to our society and it's time to make a stop to it!
computers are,not just tools that are used strictly for, computers can be used for purposes as weel.
it too aims at keeping people away from mistakes, and their consequent results.
the first one is that there a lot of violence and debauchery in tv films, even in cartoons.
so thats my opinion about have offensives things on the shelves.
its easier now.
you could talk to frends from far.
also, they mostly want to use technology to.
unless if their parents allowe it.and that goes with the same with the music.
i feel the state assumes they are gonna offend people.
staying healthy's no joke.
the obesity, cramps, sexual harrassment and cyberbullying are not a joke and it's not fun to get done to you.
has this ever happened to you?
the driver of a car lost his balance at a turn.
personally, i feel tecnollogy is the reason parents and kids are less connected.
all you do is type a subject to .
i would always be honest towards my duties and hard working.
don't you love playing outdoor games!
i do not like appearing in examinations as they suck my blood.
its not like their being obliged by the .
i just can't, because i can relate to both sides.
kids will be more mature about it the more they see it, but that doesn't the child should watch porn.
a guest is a person to be honored and respected.
these are ressons why libraries have a right to censor music and movies.
special programs help kids learn the necesary skill while enjoying the practice.
some people don't some media because it goes against their beliefs.
so this is why effects education.
right now, i am reasearching during the .
second, computers allow people to be able to learn about far away places and people.
then this good habit will help you while your at school or at work.
then i started to use the computer more and my coordination improved.
i believe people should not spend much time on their computers because it can hurt their eyes.
in conclusion, i think that all types of literature should be admitted and released to the public.
stocks and etc also technology helps people around the world on websites, programs such names as to video chat, .com for instant messaging.
a book, magazine, movie, etc are all gateways to new worlds, where children can use their imagination and justify what their personality is.
it really is a pressing matter and needs to be deal with.
and by useing it helps you when you need information for other like word and more.
some of us simply don't have the time to go to a library and look for a book that might nit even posses the information needed.
lastly, they have more success.
without these technologies, we would never see each others faces and we would only be useung telephones.
and it's not right to take something off the shelfs if a few people dont like it because im sure other people like it.
books always have reviews, so people can tell if those are too or not.
the music industry try their best to sort the music to your taste.
for example your friend live the other side of the globe you an your computer and message so you can still talk to them all the time.
what do you consider an offensive book?
i often on being ammused by playing games on the computer.
in my opinion i agree with computers benefiting society.
interacting with others on the computer can be looked at as a positive but it is not since it affects the way you interact in real life.
theres also a cool thing that is found on some computers its called microsoft word.
computers are one of the best technology invention yet to come that benefits society.
being allowed to write how they feel is what is practically based on.
also, because, thru an mail takes forever.
fit, energetic, radiant, hardworking people if they had stopped spending hours on the computer daily.
although he is sloveling infront a computer screen he is learning.
bright colours work on our moods and bring good vibrations.
well i hope you think about what i told you and take it into consideration.
my second reason why has a negative effect on people is because of online bullying.
the authors of books have freedom of speech so yeah some books offend people but if it offends them they should try stay away from that books or magazines.
but it is quite different from the mother planet.
editor you've done a wonderful job since you've taken the job!
that is how i feel
as i have shown, computers deffinitly do benefit society.
so next time your on the computer think about that.
i think it is the goverment's choice if these items should be taken out of libraries or not.
lastly, i dont agree because its also.
posting pictures on the and sending them via email only by a click of your mouse.
there are a lot of offensive material in libraries.
do you think people spend to much time on the computer do.
but we don't need to spend of our time on them.
now, in the , computers are part of the everyday lives of people in which they benefit.
a majority of people would say yes.
however, since the price of computers decreased purchase have stimulating.
he becomes senseless.
they are distancing themselves from everyone but their computer.
this allows the pupil to obtain his lesson and catch up on anything he or she has missed.
they were to type quicker that they could before.
it involves sacrifice of time and thoughts.
some reasons why i think online is good you could chat, find places and pricess, collages and also shop online why online is good.
, do you want your to gain weight and stop doing well in school?
some say that people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising and spending time their family.
you need to get your ecersise dayly.
that there are to freinds and family on programs like , and it is talking face to.
i know i do!
these books that are considered offensive to some people not be offensive to others.
they know it will cause a lot of crazy things with the author.
but there is all kinds of diffent magazines mucle, food ,cleaning, toys.
government has to keep an eye on the unemployed and to keep their numbers down.
every town i know about has sport fields where many kids and adults of all ages use.
the person could go online and search for a picture, which they will surely find.
would you want your six year old girl picking up an adult violence movie, sexual content movies, or even a with cursing in it?
the computers can be very distracting and you can use them too offten.
but why do you ask,?
finally, computers benefit society have the ability to locate missing people.
like you are writing an article on dolphins, you could learn more about them.
there was a pond on both sides of the road.
that wouldn't have been possible without computers.
what if you would like to buy a plane ticket to to help?
between the and , doctors saw nearly a increase in eye problems that resulted in either surgery, glasses, or contacts.
besides isn't it your fault in all reality if they get they're hands on somthing innapropriate for their age becuase they aren't getting the proper supervision?
people's interests are their own business without the censorship of others in the surrounding community.
computers are just end all-around benifits.
that's why i think it's so important for the parent and the child to always talk and be comfortable
once they start doing it, it because a habit and eating and just go on the computer for hars and hars.
likewise, you could click, ""locate area"", on the computer and see in which area the incident took place in.
another thing is that you could actually need your computer to stay.
fortunately, a tragedy was averted.
through the internet all the information the world is available ./ computers are also the former in todays technological advances.
so thats what i think of computers hopfuly people will get more exirse now.
for example same good exercise.
so that's your discision.
you can use the computer for playing games that are related to school.
while interacting with others they just keep on eating, most dont even know why they're eating.
the internet can be great in moderation, however it can be innappropriate, unhealthy, and addicting.
there are also many books out there that have a large deal to do with very mature themes.
first off i would like to say that it is imporitive that we exersize daily.
all the members of his family are good.
you will not want them listening, reading, or watching the things you watched as a child
many of these companies let us take these devices to allow as to do everyday things.
these kids fare such strong mental and emotional harm that they make bad decisions, including suicide, and in school.
you must understand how important this technology is to our society!
as my mother had said i remembered everything.
it's a grevious idea to want to separate our kids from technology.
i think computers help a lot in life.
exersizing every day is just one way to keep you active and off the computer.
my next opinion is we won't be able to get out of the house to see the beautiful nature.
imagine this, you're walking through the woods on a trail.
what they could be doing is enjoying life.
some of these situations you read about are so awful that you wouldn't want anyone else to read it.
but the problem could do with computers.
my sister went to for six months, but the thing was it felt like two weeks because i was able to communicate and se pictures of here .
movies are almost just as harmless, limits are needed, but overall?
my second reason why computer's benifit our society is .
the two friends go to the sea and get on to a ship.
and every made in this world has internet capabilities.
i hpoe you will rethink why we should have computers in school.
now i know that those magazines are, for some, a point of interest, but to others they seem a tad bit crude.
when you type, you start of looking at the keys but eventually you memorize all the locations of the keys.
many people are talking about how americans are becoming obise.
all libraries should have the right to have the content they please to have on thier shelves.
books are meant to be read and some authors direct the book to certain people.
people take pity on them and give them something.
they would return the book and would not want to sell anymore and wouldn't mention it to a friend.
this was my first experience of traveling by air.
have you ever wondered how a computer can help you in your ever day life.
imagin you are on facebook and you type in your best friend from high schools name she pops up and you a on net.
i dont think its a bad idea to use computers because some peole who have jobs work on computers all day.
the majority of the time they do this because they do want the citiznes of their country to know what is happening around the world.
instead many people video chat through cameras on the computer.
people that like rock music might not like rap because of some of the languauge used in songs.
over the past decade, the percentage of people using computers has increased by approximately .
i hope you will share my opinions in your next article to help pursude readers on my view of computers.
even though computers do have pros and cons they have more pros.
dont you think computers help society?
these are my reasons and i hope you agree with me that computers have a positive effect on people today.
dear local newspaper, you think computer have good or bad effects on people?
soon enough, your friends will leave you because you don't care about them, and forget them.
people were panicing over the thought of their precious computers not working.
this is a free country and we have the write to speak and write about whatever we want to get out.
for a school project in i had to research about .
computers are great for us and good for bussy people.
without computers our lives would be much harder.
this is why the .s realy needs computers.
please take this info your next .
by removing certain materials out of libraries would cause reader attention to why their being removed.
dear newspaper, i believe that advances in technology have many positive effects, such as computers.
so, blazing fast speed to chatting with distant relatives.
dear : people are spending far to much time on computers.
it is also fun and educational.
i hope you agree with me!
odds are they're logging into facebook, myspace, formspring, , , and other socially interactive websites.
just think you sitting in the house on a rainy day bored out you mind and have no thing to do.
these could be as plain as just taking out the trash or cooking meals.
so , computeristic fist are only good.
and they can find you if they relly need to talk to you.
some worry if it will fade entirely and instead of trying to maintain what's left, well just let it do so.
people are getting obeast because there not getting enoff exersoce.
on computers, there are lots of games to play that are free.
children allso often use the internet irrisponsibly and to things that can dissrupt frendships and get them into truble.
first i think it's good because it can help school work like to do a research and for other things that you might have to do for school.
computer presents to kids through.
also, if a person complains, and the materials are removed, it could lessen someone else's chance getting the materials they need.
need to go outside more and be active.
if a book is removed from a shelf because someone finds it offensive then the next person who comes along looking for that book can not access it.
computers can cause many fatal problems such as seeing and vision problems, and obisity, due to the fact that you sit all day and 't work out.
a computer shouldn't need to be used for pleasure it's not created to do so it's created to keep your life simpler.
social lives are very affected by what they learn and how they learn the material.
they help you find answeres to questions a teacher could ask.
a person who is involved in sports is mentally and physically well developed.
although children are able to socialize using the computer, they are at danger of being hurt physically and emotionally.
thats how people find out who they are such as, what their interested in, what they like, and what they want to do.
what is to stop a kid to getting to one of these books, or movies you can find in libraries?
this is different than googling fatcs about other people.
let the person in search of answers pick it up or leave it behind.
people are not going outside as much anymore.
another reason whay computers are thinking such a 's youth, is because of less than medicine usage of.
we use computers to talk to our freinds on facebook.
sometimes computer operated robots do dangerous jobs so workers are not at risk.
songs made today can get a little out of hand.
everytime i hear the word 'offensive' it makes me sick to my stomach, because in my eyes, that word doesn't exist.
now theres something to look into.
it happen to have the answer to his question.
if you video chatted you should definitely know to be nice and not be rude.
now, lets talk about all the time that is being consumed by computer users.
if not for advances in technology people could make me right decisions.
the coordination gained from using the mouse games over to sports like baseball and lacross.
one day some one might want to go to the bahamas, but then finds a new location such as or even .
we also make the right choses in food to eat to have more energy such as fruit and vegitibales.
it can ruin you eye-sight, you never get to see nature and interact.
by reading books we can develop an positive mind.
we dont want out society to stay this way.
so in my opinion computers do bring out a positive effect to the world.
that is unfair and should be stopped.
now you see that computers are nessecery because they develop hand eye coordination, they help people learn and finally they are a great way to communicate.
there are multiple things wrong with the idea of censorship.
dear local newspaper, i strongly belive that computers don't benefit society as much as people think.
this reminds me of the time when are of my idols died.
the last reason being if we all just removed thing we don't like the world wouldn't be the way it is.
we, as children and teenagers see and hear about this everyday.
peoples computers get viruses, identities get stolen, and credit card information gets found out.
deciding to face the consequences of my theft.
so i hope you take my opinion in consideration.
also it gave buisnesses, quicker, more eficiant way to put up for people to by .
most radio stations they can not swre on the radio, but they just cut it out.
having a or allows you to do a video chat with someone.
it used to be that it would take days and days to send and recieve a letter from relative.
that would be on the parents plate to deal with.
my brother and his bride sat with us to eat.
dear , technology such as computer is proven to have a positive effect on people.
discovered that computers keep families closer because they are able to see each other virtualy when someone is away.
the plastic object with a screen(computers) teach us hand-eye coordination.
people can chat with one another on networking sites such as , facebook, myspace, and twitter.
they would stay on from to at night on the computer and do it nthe next day.
had that movie been cencored or removed i personally would have never learned about the hardtimes of the and what it can do to a persons soul and emotions.
some of the books that are banned could relate to someone, and touch them.
we must ask, what are we missing?
secondly, i think that computers are important is because they help with learning, even online schooling.
so school went by the bell rang it was time to go.
the computer will keep you updated on what is happening there everyday.
now what happens if the items are removed from the shelfs of libraries.
this effect on people is something we need to start controlling because many people are very overweight and do not exercise enough to be healthy.
computers are the way of the future.
they limit you from interacting to friends and family, give you less time to exersize and limit you from going out and exploring nature.
we should be preserving and learning abouy what is left on the planet, but we are not because of these computes and the .
for example, the other day i logged onto the internet and saw an article about the earthquake in .
for example, when i am always using the computer and when i'm doing research it always gives me the ability to learn about new places and people.
keeping childrens' minds clean for as long as possible would be a very positive thing to do for both them and our society in general
second, people are not enjoying the outdoor.
another thing you could do so the computer is socialize.
my opinion is that computers have a positive effect on people.
i think this because , you use computers for school projects.
no one forced the act on me.
with all of these exceptionally great things, we can all live in a happier, better world.
this absolutely benefits society.
when one person is giving a right to do something, then everyone else should have the right to do the same thing.
a library is a sanctuary for people to go read their favorite books for free, containing books from all types of genres.
if they are not responsible to read that than they shouldn't get that book anyway.
we could be improving obesity, spending more time with family and friends, and exploring nature!
but when in not doing my school work talking to my friends online.
dear weekly, the new millenium brought a new wave of technology.
with out computer days at the grorsury stores would be very long.
two years ago, a man named , years old, fell onto the train tracks just as a train was coming by.
learn about many places, and communicate with friends and family.
computer could be a good way to talk and ask friends about homework assignments you have missed as if you was absent.
it a fantastic way to communicate acros the globe.
instead of going to the library and spending more on a book about you can go on google.com and type in .
also, computer teach you hand-eye coordination skills.
well we can change that!
and that is schoolwork.
over all i think that there should be sections of the library that are made for a certin age group, and should not be seen by kids.
many today are obese and lazy.
i myself wouldn't accept invitation to couldn't go to movies with friends and i wouldn't help around the house.
while some houses are built with bricks.
but in this day in age alot of people still listen to rock n roll.
this happens because your brain cannot take in the brightness of the computer and your reading or seeing at the same time.
insted be computer go out ur girlfriend or family or family or friends to have fun.
for example, lets say you finished watching a special on the discovery channel about .
then you have to get a new computer and everything all.
computer can even help someone at work like an arctech the can use computers to make a sketch of a bilding.
i strongly urge you to look at any point of view closely.
minds of human beings are too complexly separated.
i don't think they should read about killing or sex.
someone tells you something, it goes in one ear and out the other.
dear newspaper , you like it if your children stay on the computer all the time?
if we want to comunicate with people from around the world to send donations to places in need like or , we can use computers to do that.
computer save great tools for moving ahead and we should cheer, as them, not trash them.
its a good way to relax.
some people find it so offending that they think they should be able to remove these offending materials off the self.
most people, with books, figure out early what genre of books, which authors, and how long of books they like.
i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
typing is an easy solution that doesnt require as much work and it takes less time.
our world revolves around these different viewpoints and ideas, should our literature and music not reflect these opposing sides?
the interesting thing is people can be affected by someone indirectly.
in our society we are given the right to have our own opinion about things, and we are able to like what ever we want.
the second thing on the computer, is research.
i do not think books should be censored from the shelves of library's.
kids need to go outside evry once and while to get some fresh air and exercise.
they start to engage in activities that were once frowned upon.
she did whatever it took to keep them apart, even if that meant going aganist law orders.
there are many reasons why i think that those books, movies, music, and magazines should be removed from the shelves of libraries.
readers have the choice to read whatever they want and if they disagree with that subject, just move on with their lifes.
i have a pet animal.
then you want to work or go to another school some you need to do it by computer.
these game can past time and the player some fun.
one kid was so tired he blow the plans off that he made with his friends.
but being sick from the computer is gross.
we don't want all the disrespect in the country, so why make it available in our public libraries?
the effect's computers have on people is not resinable for children and other people.
with the click of a mouse, you can access the internet.
such was the time of peace there.
libraries have the right to censor any type of material that seems or is offensive to the community.
using a computer has a of down falls but of which is the lack of exerizing while on the computer.
i dont think so.
i can tell because all they eat is junk food.
also computers could be good for the hearing impared.
flying high, i can enjoy the fresh breeze and watch the beautiful sunset from the top.
libraries should not be held responsable and have to removed anything open to the people that just be part of our background
the train was late by one hour.
he gets joy in floating paper boats.
but not at all of us can afford to travel far away.
not only will you have better communication and the news at the top of your fingers, but you will also have advanced education.
the only people who make hay there, are the hawkers.
movies have a rating and music have an explicit content label so people should know whats approiate for themselves.
dear , people are using too much their time on the computer.
in this argument, parents do not like the fact that their kids have resources to uncensored content.
in conclusion, i think the purpose of a library is to offer information.
who cares about unsensored things anyway?
it would sometimes get scary when she talked to me about it and clearly had played it all night.
of people use computers in some way to benifit in work.
everything you need to know is in a computer.
now you see why computers don't benefit society.
overall, i believe that computers area a great resource to human kind and will be used for more and more things in a few years.
for example, my dad uses a computer for almost the whole day he is at work.
i'm sure they would never have magazines such as '' or '' there.
by the time they are that age they have matured enough to read and understand things much easer
sometimes teachers give assignments out and you have to write an essay.
this is why to computers are a positive impact on young adults, and children, parents.
so the effect of computers on people is .
typing is used everywhere, even in math class my teacher types up things and pits them on the .
most likely there were directing the story towards you so why get all worked up over something that has happen to you and take it out on the media?
they can express their feelings in a way that is amazing.
do you have computer at home that you go on?
the beauty of the outdoors become forgotten.
i have felt this way multiple times.
limited computer use or parental control would really help prevent this.
and in a world where it's more important than ever to do.
some parents arn't going to want their children and teenagers to read a romantic, rasy book but thats what other adults enjoy reading.
quicker to find out information.
no neither of these problems is the cause behind many student's inabiltiy to compose thought provoking essay and analysis over a myrad of topics.
when people get so involved with something, its hard to back away.
soldiers, do you know what's really a share about the enemy 're fighting?
first going to tell you some positives about computers.
first off, there is a certain degree of modesty and curiousity that needs to be kept in children.
children teens and even adults use the computer more than they should nowadays.
in the government, problems evolve quickly, and steathily.
we learn so much information from all sorts of books.
there are some people out there that believe that if any material depicts anything bad then it should be removed.
some jobs require people using or - computers are a necessity to get a well - paying job.
students of all classes visit the library as per schedule.
i think computers have a positive effect on people.
too which leads to lack or exercise.
what do you think?
dear , i - like many other people my age - love to sit in front of a computer and explore it's wonders.
in olden days paddy cultivation was done only in one season.
first people spend too much time on the computer, they spend less time excersising.
why not ride your bike to the library and get a book on the country.
no i do not.
it also gives parents and teachers another way to communicate.
learning about cultures is very important because if people travel they need to know how they can respect each other.
on computers, you can e-mail and use a webcam to talk to people.
with book, you can also like never before.
you can just look up who has gotten more home runs and there you go.
with a good colour sense one can bring joy into one’s environment.
you not want kids or others to see this sexuality and see what the world is becoming.
people have classes online they go to mothers that are single that have kids for example, they get their diplomas and degrees of the computer online.
i think nature is good, but i don't think others want to be out as much.
another reason computers are so great is that you can meet and interact with people all over the world and learn their culture.
on you can even talk to your favorite stars or musicians.
then everyone can help stop people taking things away from the community that makes them happy.
and if they're done with reaserching they can have a little fun by games and friends.
while reading this paper i hope you noticed the pros of having computers in this world.
have you ever been assigned a report and wait till the last minute to get it started?
computers also broadcast news.
my position is to convice the local newspaper why certain people 't and use computers.
when you do a story for the newspaper does it come out hand written?
inside the library, there are rows of tables and chairs.
i hope now you believe computers do really benefit us.
so i think computers helps children and teens to have better hand-eye cordination.
an ideal student should help the parents in household matters he should go to bed at a fixed time.
lastly, using computer allows people to communicate with each other through email & other social networks.
dear, to who it concer, i am writing this to inform about how the ocmputers benefits society.
no one should tell me what not to read or watch: unless i am a youth.
not to assume that every one who uses them are fat, lazy, and don't spend enough time with family and/or friends.
another reason why i believe censorship is wrong is; different people have completely different opinions on things.
how many people have acess to a camputer daily in america.. and how many people go on at least an hour a .
another reason why i think computers are good is they help you connect with friends.
in 's libraries there are many books and movies that represent racism.
all forms of media are for learning and entertainment purposees.
i did not get any exersice at all.
the reason i want to ask that is because they should be doing that everyday.
family time is an treasured value, to the people, but lately, computers are ruining this tradition.
computers also lead friendship torn apart.
computers makes it so copier with so many pictures editing and many more, editing pictures from a expensive digital it for free on your computer?
finally the computer is a great way to communicate online.
don't we all agree that music is life?
wouldn't you rather be doing that then to be sitting in front of your computer?
now don't get me wrong, i like them, but they can be bad.
if books are found offensive and taken from shelves then book shelves would be emtpy.
let me tell you about how computers allow people to talk to other people online.
they are young and nieve so they will do what they see someone else do.
the man who cultivates crops is a farmer.
i usually do that so i know when a good is to an in the to buy what i want.
experts even say how computers change the way they act at home and in the public.
everyone is different in their own way.
i always missed the tennis ball in matches.
it just started out as a 'na big deal' kind of thing.
dear local newspaper, i strongly believe that computers have a great and beneficial affect on society.
many people believe that computers are bad for our health or we dont spend enough time with our family.
secondly people need to start enjoying nature insteed of being on the computer at the time.
if you don't have a system, you ca get directions online.
books can't be censored from children.
others that i know choose not to read it because of the offensive content.
but, with pratice, they will advance to looking at the computer screen while typing.
electricity also helps us to play video games, listen to music and play with electronic toys.
no, it helps them learn, socialize with family and friends and they can get in shape with the new exercise that they learn from how to videos.
what makes anyone think that a book like that would keep kids from doing drugs?
but it is the students choice to read about that subject or to simply ignore it if it is cosidered offensive.
there are some that talks about more things, but most of them thats what they talk about.
talking on the phone or mailing doesn't even compare to that.
first, i believe that if this policy were to be in effect in libraries, there would not be many books left on the shelf.
out of all the people who should be mad or think they should be offened is the ,but their not complaining about the books and etc.
people have to spend a lot of money on glasses because they looked at a computer nearly all the time.
now, i have dietbeaties.
most people just waste away the day by sitting on the computer w/ there favorite snack.
this is why computer time should be reduced and family time increased.
another thing that caught my eye was when the author repeatedly kept on saying the same offensive language over and over again.
other websites like this are and of people in have an account on one of these websites.
i agree with the statement of in some degree.
to whom it concern, .
and i also hope you agree with me.
i have people who stay up for our their paper.
i mean there's where people can socialize with their families who live out of state.
i said. ""
long story short like life, dont spend it all on nothing.
they buy it so you dont feel hurt.
i want to tell you all of the great things computers do not make our lives so much easier.
the averange child need minutes of exercise a day, and many have very little none.
computers can be negative thing or positive.
or in about years the layeris completly distroyed due to the computers, with to no wildlife left.
it has become quite aware to me the problem we face in our media today.
i then sprinted to my computer and to see if he was online.
you can as almost every question and a computer will have it.
""they grow up so fast.
if books begin to fly off the shelves because of offensive topics, their won't be many books left to read.
to make this observation not as confusing, i will share my own experience that might help focuse more on my argument.
one computers let you surf online anytime you want.
teachers, students, parents, and grandparents learn everyday with computers.
my older brother is a college student and we communicate through these websites so it seems like he is never that far away.
again, if you don't like it, don't read it.
not only do computers help people with spelling and jobs but they also can teach us about far away places.
i say this because computers can sometimes get addicting.
some subjects might be considerderd offensive, like the holocaust for example.
they help people in many ways depending on the what the person wants to set done.
which cause the young reader to be more aggresive or more like to make bad decisions about there well being or the well being of those around them.
the point of the matter is, if you don't like something then disregard it.
theres games you can play to keep you occupied during the day.
i can never get outside after school, because i'm checking my email.""
i think this because: you can communicate with friends, they help you with school and a reliable resource for you need to find.
you can use email, instant messaging, video chatting, or you can make an account on websites like facebook or myspace.
would you want to vacation to a place that you know nothing about?
in , elementary educators are not required to teach their students to spell, at all.
all of that is done on a computer.
i want to sleep more.
also if you forgot to write down your homework theres a website to lookup all the homework you have.
's alot of beautiful young lady's out here to explore.
when i relized what i had done i rushed to finish my research and ended up getting a poorer grade then.
but if you do so without first regarding all the angles of them, then you, my friend, have absolutely no standing on the situation.
my first major reason is it can and does help hand eye coordination every day.
they benefit our society in many ways.
lastly computers are taking away family time.
even though computers are great they do have many negative effects on people who use them.
i believe that if a person decides to take a book off the shelf because he/she is offended, they are obviously paranoid.
you can in with a friend that is out of state, or you can talk with a person out of this country!
two days ago i did a video chat with my grandparents back in it was great.
the computer provides a relaxing way to enjoy yourself when it is late at night or a rainy-day.
maturity comes with understanding.
the has the highest number of obese citizens in the world.
people come to hang out at the library to collect good books, surf the internet, check out new music and aslo to relax.
the pain will always be there.
who know's what they do some kids are on facebook all day some are on or .
she enjoyed a certain website on the internet.
every person has their own life story and rough experiences.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
""what are we going "".""
the 'inapropriate' language, or experiences are the ones that really happen and are the words that are really said.
you must understand computers are good for learning but not for eeryday life.
good hand-eye coordination is used for a lot of things; mostly everything.
libraries are very educational.
the best part is that is free.
people are becoming adictied to computers.
you can meet new people and is a good way to make life even better.
i think that they should show us respect to and let us read and watch movies about the genres of books and movies they take away from us.
some people think the books do need to be removed some don't.
it started to drizzle.
lastly, ) working people use the computer for work and reports.
dear local newspaper did you know that the average person spends hours and minutes a day on the computer?
so read on i know you will think the same way as me about computers given my knowledge below.
so go out and buy one.
by using computers students can get there work done quicker and more efisent.
there are many games and other types of games out on the internet.
critics of computers argue that people who use computers do not ever participate in physical activities.
you can't go during the day so you can find a school that has online schooling, for at night.
mango is a palatable fruit.
it just depends in what ways censoring is used.
using a computer for studying is a very good reason why it positively affects people and makes them happier but their is on even greater one.
it is used in factories.
do you want that?
each person has their own say of what material they choose to consume, and nobody else has the right to tell them otherwise.
that is why i believe that in school libraries, some books should be censored or marked mature.
computers can help you find your way.
humans have different taste in food, music, movies, and books.
not everyone likes the same things.
high and students are going to hear.
the classrooms would be well-furnished.
i belive that these were put here for advertisements, however, they should be advertised in different areas out of site of kids and teenagers.
people know what they want.
secondly, the internet can be used as a widespread communication tool.
some people work at home on computers.
i think it is helping because without the internet i can't learn how to do things such as clear a the proper way.
just to think that it was all because of one computer.
the computer is easy way to pay and you should agree with opinion.
this happens quite often, and i end up staying awake until around .
my mom goes to school and she tells me how she never has time to study because she always on the internet.
but if the library has it the library should be able to keep it there wheathere or not people don't want it there.
peple are on the computer for hours at a time, they go on the computer if they are bored or if they don't want to go outside.
it's free too!
my second reason to this situation is that it takes away knowledge.
i think the effects computers have on people are beneficial for everyone who uses one.
if they have the final thought on what gets taken down it affect the kids reading habbits.
so i think that it is a wast of paper.
i disagree with this statement.
this is just one step need to take to get a healthier lifestyle.
dear register, i am writting you to urge you that the affect computers have people is helpful.
whether the books relate well or poorly to each person is not something for a mass of people to decide.
wow, i cant believe how easy it it to ather people with computers.
people always look for some kind of entertainment and the first place they ever go is the computer.
i guess it is just how mature you are and ready to accept vulger things.
books are a very important learning tool in todays schools and there is somthing new in every book that a kid can learn from.
because the reason people read books is to learn.
the internet allows research to happen.
second, i would like to talk about some of the books libraries have.
dear newspaper , , more and more people in our proud and courageous country of have been.
also the computer is available all the time.
also, the computer allows family and friends stay in touch with other family and friends in far away places.
plus, computers give children enjoyment and make them happy, instead of being sometimes.
that is not natural.
second, people don't take the time to enjoy nature.
my frist reason is if people stay on the computer for a long amount of time it can mess up the way you see.
and then we have no books left for any of us.
using the i can find a willing participant in charities"" says , charity fund raiser in .
dear local newspaper, computers are they a good benifit for society or a bad benifit for society?
my first reason why i think that computer use is benifiting society is because is oftenly used for school work.
in conclusion, in opinion it benefit society.
in my language arts class we have a reading blog that every student has to participate in.
well, then if you still don't believe me i'll prove it to you.
think of it this way, your child comes home from school with this book that he/she wants you to read with him.
you could get to know some kids who live in you neighborhood that you never even knew.
how this benefits you is because if you have not seen your relatives in ages and you cannot buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat.
you also don't have to worry about running up your phone bill.
they would have a happy healthy life.
movies that are at the library be offensive ,because if a parent rents a moive for their child and gets home and puts in the .
i hate writing invitations, but now every year for my birthday party i just type them up, taking less than five minutes.
it could also help save our planet by saving the energy.
so even stay online too often your not on it for a bad reason, your on to talk to your family.""
a total of <@num2> of personals in don't spend enough time out side.
it used to be old letters by mail, then it became e-mails, twitter, and facebook.
post offices are found in every city, town, and village.
it depends on what you take offence to.
it is your choice to read it.
you're at a party with a bowl full of candy stationed right beside the front door.
i have always gone by the saying, ''t ever judge a book by it's cover until you read it.'
to , computers are a benefit to our society.
more than half the time, the internet has beyond enough information for what i need.
as you can see, computers impoved the lives of human beings.
computers have many effects on people these days.
spending time with your family and friends is a very important thing to do, but with computers people to not do that much anymore.
recently, i read a magazine and it had an article in it about people going to meet other people they online.
they let people talk to each other.
as you can see the computer can help society.
in deserts where there are no cows.
at says that out of people who don't use computers are much healthier because instead of using computers they exercise.
people just need to stop being so selfish and start thinking about others.
with a computer everyone can learn about people all over.
i could not get into the bus.
alright thats enough of counter strike for the day i think i'm going to turn same music on and lay in bed.
he works hard and he loves his works.
she had many of nightmares from the movies or books that she read.
where would the line be drawn saying a book is unfit to be or placed into circulation.
not only should censorship be allowed, it should be enforced.
but guess what they are in the computer, wasting time instead of spending time with your family.
because of overpopulation, there is poverty.
the town took them away.
computers have been improved to do many different things without them we would barely get any thing done.
now i can see why people say we should go out side more and excersize but, what are supposed to do on a rainy day?
computers even have webcams for video chat.
some examples of these are , and , respectively.
basically, these cells do not reporoduce as easily as other cells, and they sometimes don't reproduce at all.
without exercise, one become obese, develop diabetes or heart problems or even have muscle troubles.
we use it everyday during sports taking notes, even playing video games!
is most likely them youll be staying at in two weeks and realize they don't have a pool!
should certain materials such as books, magazines, movies, etc., be taken off the shelf in a library if those items be offensive towards others?
i can't keep my eyes off the screen.
do you ever think about you computer can help you phisicly?
there is less time to do things with your loved ones, more negative impacts on your a rising number of computer addicts because of our modern technology.
one way is to be respectful to people and people be respectful back.
computers maybe useful but they are over used.
that can tell you where the uncensored parts are.
humans also pollute water in many ways.
dear , more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
where do we draw the line?
the offensive materials are out there to be pick up by some people including children.
i cried every night for three weeks.
and even better, you can buy a tax program for you computer, so you never have to leave your couch!
according to , out of students choose what college to go to first by checking its website.
so in conclusion my ideas where!
they say that it’s the fastest toy car they have ever seen.
computers have completely changed the world.
i believe that it does benifit us.
now you're stuck because you have no voice.
my reason is, people have many different tastes in the materials, so i believe they can read what they want as long as does offend them.
many people had come there for a picnic.
for example, the family and life and even if you miss them.
there are many things you can do on the internet.
i dont think a person should be able to listen to music in the library anyways because a library is suppose to be quiet.
if there is a song that you dislike, then don' listen to it.
dear of the local newspaper: students are promoted to higher grade levels, more teachers will require research papers.
this also alows them to see people hiding and they could tell the people on the ground to stay down or whatever.
ever since then, many people have had a better life.
those are the three mane reasons i think librays should not have censorship.
now you even just simply get in bed turn on your lap top and take college classes right on your computer!
from my own experiences i know that it is a growing problem.
if we don't stay fit how are we going to survivie from all these dieases and cancer.
this will make the library loose alot of business due to lack of service.
when you are on the computer, the internet allows you to search anything and everything.
seventy years ago, japan was a backward country.
it is a choice.
for a lot of a sport is their exercise and in every sport you need hand-eye coordination.
if their was to be any cersorship it should be from the parents of a child or if your not a child then you dont need censored.
movies are the same with music.
sure, people get informatin and talk online, but that can be a bad thing, i agree with computers being overcused and used for the wrong reason.
if you see someone reading or watcing something that you do not think is right for them you should tell them not to be reading or watching that.
not only that but computers are needing less and less electricity.
online phone you and you can also the cool them even more that have you talk to give .
and that goes for about in .
a lot of jobs require people to be on the computer.
do you want population on people having diabetis and other causing affects that can happen to your body increase.
i badey ever talked to her, but then one day our parents set us up on a vidio chat!
it really has to depend on what the product is.
after coming back from school i spend some time to nurse the
what do you see?
i think that books should not be pulled from the self because they have a few bad words in them.
he hates nobody.
with over the population being obese, something needs to be changed.
, a proffesor who recently did studies of online bullying says, ""online bullying has become more severe than contact to contact bullying.
this time could have been used for more productive things instead.
but, computers effect people the most.
dear of , the world having a network where people can connect, learn and work efficently.
those were days when it could take weeks to communicate with out of state family.
let us make reading a regular habit and so become a creative member of the world community.
along with the programs to write a paper, you can use the internet and google to get the information!
secondly they give us the ability to learn and communicate with the far away places.
also at school if you have a writing asinment due then it would take more time writing it than typeing it.
but there are all kinds of books that you can pick you have history,poems,dramas,love,scary.
practically all of the grades require hand-eye coordination.
furthermore, computers help people with work and school.
my first reason i think computers have terrible effect on people is because its a waste of time.
the movies even have something to do with it to, because it all the movies are together kids to adults movies.
he is a useful member of the society.
going on picnics, taking long walks, reading useful books are good leisure time activities.
if they were removed, they wouldn't have any way to find their information because it was found offensive.
there are a-lot of great things you can do on the computers.
have you ever been at the library and asked yourselve any of the following questions?
i have, and while i was on the computer i could have been outside enjoying nature.
the benifits of computers are endless.
today, it is almost a requirement for cities to have public libraries to be considered as real cities.
this is true, not as long as you stay reasonable with usage or your computer, it benefits you in many ways.
around the library were a thousand stories of a man and woman falling in love, but never did i find a fairy tale of two princes.
these reasons are how computers have a good effect on humans.
this would be bad for all children.
the libraries are public and they are shared.
dear, the big rectangular shaped black or white box with lights and beeps, the compter was a smart idea,!
but that can be changed easily by limiting kids, see who they talk to and get them in a sport.
these children fo not always know who they are talking to, but its online they say anything that into their mind.
they would probably act friendly to get the kid comfortable then they would end up kidnapping them.
i think that we should'nt take anything off the shelfs in libraries.
once again i say ""computers better owe life not hurt it.
being able to talk.
this is becaus if you think about it, isn't it a hassle to have to mail your bills every month?
did you know that at least an hour exercise is needed everyday?
in conclusion, computers have negative effects on people.
it is true that that it's pointless to try and censor the lives of kids and teenagers.explicit content is all around not only in the media and literature.
computers are a great way to comunicate.
he ended up getting a on the test because he used a computer.
lastly, a computer can help you with many things.
computers help you re-connect with people.
make go in the woods and wake around.
many kids grow up to have a career in computer makings or program designing.
this simply demonstrates the importance of serving our parents.
my second reason is if you have a computer you can look up questions that you would have.
certain types of music shouldnt be found in a library.
many families are all on computers and they are not spending any family time together gofly kites.
i dont think so.
you can type, learn about historical happenings, different places, and different cultures as well.
i think the story overall was alright beside the fact was offensive in it though.
this helps a child so they don't get stressed out over homework.
like an online school book, it can get information on just about anything.
dear you know becoming reaching not only are computers are very helpful machines.
they do not cover their eatables from dust and flies.
going out do instead of sitting a computer is a sure way to healthy.
some people like to see new and beautiful places.
my seacond reason is talking to freinds or famiely.
he is also my neighbor.
if a mother did not want her son to be exposed to fighting, should we take all movies, books, and magazines out of our libraries?
the computer are a help because it teaches hand-eye coordination.
right now it turned in to and 's are changing my life drastikly but not in a good way.
in addition, they lead to a much lower amount of social interaction.
first, whether you find something offensive or not, is laregly based on your culture.
censorship is still in use in the today, as a way to 'protect the children'.
thank you for your time.
in conclusion, throwing books out and keeping a library censored, would be a mistake.
in addition, computers also let people learn about faraway places about different cultures and different people.
some experts are concerned that people are spending to much time in their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends.
i feel that the mintue she started to read it, she should have turned away or got off the website.
i just do not think it is right for little kids to see that when there looking for a book or a book about their favorite animal.
these plants would bear beautiful
lastly, computers are importat people that work with them.
if they trust their children with these materials then that is their choice.
people who use computers for many hours are just sitting still.
dear newspaper editor, of have and use computers everyday.
this is my first reason why we should spend less time on the computer.
a poem, novel, or even a short story, these authors have the right to have it published and put on the shelf.
online shopping having a positive affect on people by making their lives less busy is a great reason but there is one last even greater one.
computers are just like other technologies but in some categories they're much better than the others.
some of the games are educational also.
exess communication that can get countries into wars.
have you ever heard someone say "" it upon google"" when they dont know the answer to something?
lastley, computers provide a safe, fun way or entertainment.
he helps me in grammar lessons and in return, i help him in arithmetic.
the offensive part out of the book helped myself relives a new understanding.
milk is not only important for growing children but also for people of all age groups.
computers of course.
it helps us to improve our mind.
learning about different cultures can teach us many things.
this also includes email and blogs and some chat sites.
instead of being on the computer they chould help so the world could be better.
there is one video of a college guy playing with a golf hall retriever like asword called kid.
if you wanted to get new friends or find anyone who go to your school and you might not now you look them up on your computer.
for example, a person must be the age of seventeen or older to rent a '' rated movie.
wouldn't you rather enjoy that or excercise rather than sitting glued to a computer?
this is an oft-repeated proverb.
you can also go on myspace of face book.
they do not display actual happenings or thoughts for the most part.
like for lots of people have college for people who did not.
i feel like censorship is wrong.
this depression needs to stop.
too many people are choosing their computer overexercise and it them many health problems that could've easily been avoided.
and always remember what the is.
lastly, materials at a library should not be censored because each and every item there could help with some kind of research.
so hopefully you can see what a bad affect computers have.
this is not of all good, especially since person needs at least hours of interacting with family for an assured healthy mental state and being.
it's apart of and there's no better way to find out about things if you don't see it yourself.
we are allowed to give our opinions on any topic, and describe it in any way.
i understand the computers lots of fun.
i think u should never stay on a computer for no more than a hour.
computers are beneficial to society because it is a way to connect with the world, a way to increase responsibility, and helpful for education.
there are certin cases when it's needed though.
computers are like chocolate.
and i you don't have a phone, no.
if the type of book, movie, or music is causing violent behavior around the town then i will completly remove the item from the shelf.
money is not available these days to just travel to different countries and experience their culture.
as this paragraph shows internet and computers open more then ever before.
computers provide people with online news & this is definitely beneficial to their lives.
information is vital in our society and keeps us up-to-date on modern life.
of students wait till last minute to do their reports, on average, they spend over four hours on the computer.
if people think some kind of music is offensive, then they should not listen to it.
and get out and have a little time for going on to the computer.
i live in karol bagh.
how do they learn from computers?
have a nice day.
teachers can use the computer to make lessons more interesting.
they can confront the situation about three child.
i believe books should be censored by content much like movies.
in addition, computers give us the power to learn about faraway places.
dear i felt shoeked to see that there are people that beileve that computers don't benefit society and after hearing that i felt compelled to share my opinions.
what would it be like?
without computers some for dieseases would have never been discovered and more people.
computers it the more advanced technology so its the people is using it.
lastly, if you really want something or need it just shop online.
but these days, he can find out anything.
but if you on a computer for six hours a day you dont have time to cook a real meal.
well, the average household owns two computers, but this isn't good, computers are taking valuable time away from hobbies, nature, and real-life.
so he decided to go by aeroplane.
i'll tell you how, by people using fun gaming sites, like luniosity.com, which is a website with games for brain training.
for example, when i have a difficult science/social studies assignment, i can research it on the computer.
i do beleve to people will go outside and do exercis, enjoy the nature, and spenting more time with their family.
people get distracted on computers that they never go outside to exercise anymore.
however, i believe that there are more positive effects than .
however some, come aross a book like this and find it very interesting and decide to check it out.
but some people would tell the people who are running the library that this certain thing on their shlef is very offensive to me and bothering me.
computer dead is a term i call when all we want to do is use the computer.
it's a brain tht gives you information about everything.
many people like movies with drugs, and violence.
we spend most of our time with our family and friends so we want a little bit of time to ourselves.
my first paragraph about hand-eye coordination.
you can read book reviews, read books, bag things, and get the cutting-edge news you want, to name just a meager amount of possible strengths.
i think this way because you have to look up something on the computer one day.
natural surroundings, good water, fresh air and relaxed lifestyle give us energy and make life more enjoyable.
further more many people play games on the computer some are single player and some are online and have millions of players on at a time.
never, will one book bind the world.
computers are also great for looking up facts for school when the library is not available.
a recent studdy shows of students at a middle school when they come home they go right on to the computer.
also books are usually funnier to read.
things like facebook, email, myspace, and web-caming all let you communicate with people anywhere in the world.
research has proven that children in countries of africa die a day from malnurutousment.
too many kids are on the computer so much they don't know what's going on in their mom or dads lives.
that excuse is ridiculous.
so many people nowadays that have a computer have passed their hand-eye coordination test!
this book is one of my top five favorite books, and i could not check it out of the library because it was banned.
this is bad for your eye sight.
that but it did say one thing that surprised me.
its just better to enjoy life then just look up things that you dont really need to.
you know you can always get an answer because everyone is always on the computer at some point of the day.
i know uncle that came from he learned how to speak english of the computer.
who knows we might have to vote on it someday
my friends and play the computer and they have alot of friends from other contrys.
talking to family and friends without spending money.
they help people learn and makes work much easier.
you learned something new!
one of the first things is our freedom of speech.
libraries are public places and should be safe for any age no matter whether they are young babies or adults.
third, it can help with school and work.
one of the effects computers have on people is it allows you to talk to people you really dont see.
so as a parent your job to keep your child away from the things you don't want them to see or hear as much as possible.
but some experts believe they dont which is why i'm writing this paper so that i can explain the positions from both sides.
hand-eye coordination allows us to catch a ball or play sports, and computers help us acheive that.
computers can educate people, from learning about some ancient person to doing school projects.
is a website that let's you sent messages to a friend, share picture, videos and many more things.
the computer gives people who don't have phones another way to communicate with others.
katherine paterson says if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf that i abhor.
we can interact with each other.
computers also allow you to take out anger on ones and zeros.
when someone says something offensive in the real world you have to learn to deal with it appropriately and maturely.
you can learn about where you are going, stuff that you need to get done, and even become a better driver.
dear local newspaper, in my opinion i support the advances in technology.
int he library there are many magazines that are meant for adult eyes only.
there is no way to approve a book to not be offensive, because it is not offensive to every person who reads it.
so, as you can see technology, benefits our society in a big way.
whether that be to exercise or simply enjoy nature.
and even meet them someday.
out either have no backyard or have nothing better to do.
he may sometimes being sad news but we still wait for him.
if their parents let them watch movies that they think they are old enough to watch than don't take advantage of that.
and hours of playing online games i realized i have wasted a lot of time.
if something is making the people of our lands more riotous than it should immediately be censored or removed from society in general.
this could help you lead competition, thus, making you more money.
i go to my school by bus.
i can see why this bring up many conflicts; as computers can be very helpful.
in my opinion people should be enjoying things and not spend most of their time on computers.
do you believe that certain materials, such as books, movies, magazines, etc ...,should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive?
either its a law or the parents have made it a rule.
one thing that lvers adults in to spending all their time on the computer is all the ""great deals"" they can find on the computer.
well that's what i am trying to change.
movies should be age appropiate too.
so dont you want information to be easier to research?
in almost everyday school rely on the internet to gain information stated education secretary, .
dear in my opinion the computer is the better thing because you can do alot of stuff like play games.
but some do not think that the libraries should be putting stuff there if they are not going to let any one touch it or check it out.
movies today are all about special effects, love, sex, alcohol, parties, fighting, and the list could go on and on.
well because you can watch episodes of your favorite .v.
and they can look up whatever they like.
sometimes, even children have to go through it as well.
thats why people make books and magizens so people like us can read them while were notbusy in life or just relaxin.
so all i am sating is that censorships are not needed in libraries.
society is a whole lot different then when parents were kids.
you go on at and all of a sudden it's seven at night.
computers take time away from exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
instant messaging and are now primary sources of communication.
computers alson helps you know what is going on in life, like on the veiws see who has been hurt or the weather.
could potentially lead to violent protests that quickly tear down even the most successful of nations.
for example by on the computer, scientist can develop new theories did uncover things!
that book that has been marked 'offensive' could have been a way for another person to learn about that book and possibly gain something out of it.
from my experience i have seen people complain about these things.
she's beautiful!
you even get poor vision from a computer.
no they not use computers more.
from personal experience, censorship in the library has cost me precious time, and has stolen from me parts of my life.
i can install my own music on my commputer and do my homework at the same time.
secondly, authors have the right to express their thoughts and to have their works equally acknowleged by the public.
in the old days if you did not about something or someone, like a movie, you never find any info about them.
and that makes the world safer for every one.
our body gets ultra-violet and infra-red treatment from sunlight.
one time i did that and eyes felt weird after getting on the computer.
these people tend to not go outside at all and stay home.
remember computers dont help your brain, they can make you fat, and they cause a lot of drama.
if i feel i should read books that others find offensive then, why does that concern you?
it's just another reason to love the computer.
should books, music, movies , magazines, etc.
we can prevent these issues if we take a stand against computers!
he has to do a lot of work.
every kid likes to play on the computer.
all ages should be able to enjoy what a library has to offer, and with some materials that is not possible.
now his dad doesn't miss a thing since doesn't go on the computer as often.
all of the programs available via the computer can help you with real life obstacles and make you think createvly.
dreadful, humble, time conservative computers are taking away the meaning and enjoyments life that are offered to us.
is this good for people is what there doing affecting there health and physical activity.
make your own at home, then you could put whatever books and magazines you want in there
social activity is good for everyone.
computers could very well be restricting people from wanting to go outside and excercising to maintain a healthy lifestyle and weight.
is this the kind of internet exposer you want for your children?
why does it need to be there in the first place?
movies are always fun to watch no matter what occation.
most everyone has cellphone now, and it does much more than allow people to talk to one another from two different places.
for example, they micht forget what life is about and what was around for us to live in.
guglielmo marconi invented the radio.
the sun gives us light and heat.
i don't think so.
fun help kids and help older people get together.
but with the help people are lively and happy including with friend!
the sea helps all forms of life on earth.
some books seem bad, but when you think about it there is always a good lesson to be learned.
gives the ability to learn about far away places and countries.
i was thoroughly disappointed.
lastly i would like to cover the communications abilitys that the computer puts out there.
brian censorship in libraries should there be censorship in libraries?
just set a little time aside daily to observe these aspects of life.
the answer is never.
third reason, is a library is suppose to consist of these different things such as books, movies, music ect.
besides using the keyboard to chat with friends will help you in the future.
if these books are so horrible than why would people still be writing them?
it is no different when it comes to books, movies, and music.
in of people who use computer commit suicide.
computers have information to teach you, but that type of learning has its consequences.
if you get a good job, then you can be succesful in life.
the media has a moral duty towards its public.
the solution to library censorship is the division of books into categories and sub-categories.
you can't do that on a telephone or with texting or a cell phone.
however not to many families are as close as so they do not do something togther.
books are very helpful when it comes to essays or etc.
to help solve the problem of offending children or deterring their education, i propose that we make a book 'rating' system.
censorship in libraries is something that needs to go away for good.
for example sites like myspace and twitter can be dangerous for teens because of rapest.
the uses computers to locate where they will attack or defend.
dear , have come very far with technology.
not only that but many children and adults in this centry are obese due to growing technology.
the biggest question in my eyes is, ' deems that material as unsuitable for libraries'?
so if a library got rid of that book because someone found it offensive, i wouldn't want to go there as often.
what move could.
in my opinion i dont think they should censor the material.
my mam & dad think i spend alot i do sometimes but half the time im studing test.
a study done by shows that the average person living in have only spent a total days outside in the past two years after reciving their new computer.
nature is beatiful, how the trees sway in the and butterflies fly in the air then there are all type of seasons with beatiful senery and.
students should just take the time to use their extbooks.
so basically like i said you do anything.
we came back home after a few hours.
this makes the distibutor left responsible and the consumer more aware of the content and its effect
snakes usually creep.
cellphones are a everyday tool, we use them to talk with each other of long distant calls pay?
i have a cousin who is and he plays games on it all the time he even knows how to search something on the computer.
people would be to similar and have little to no differences to themselves from others.
i agree with and say that computers are good use in society today.
throughout history, man kind has been writing things down to document experiences, events, and ideas that have happend throughout history.
helps the environment.
they can answer almost any question you have, and have name a lot.
the computer can help you, learn langues.
when people don't exercise you will anything to their body.
many have different opinions about what's appropriate and what's not.
computers are necessary in our community and we would be last without them!
i know what your probably thinking, is that well isn't that what phones are for.
you could then make comparisons between the way you both live your life.
but, some of their family and friends are to lazy to do anything because they are always on the computer.
do not think that is too bad because computers have alot more fun adavantages.
it is a good and brave hunter.
you have the right to be able to read,watch, or listen to whatever you want.
well, this activity is doing only one thing, not keeping you healthy or inshape.
if any book, music, movies, magazines, etc.
you can learn history about famous people places and events.
those are the reasons why i think computers do not have a good effect on people.
it was one of the most memorable journeys i ever had in my life.
so next time you need information, news, or you are just bored go on your computor, and have fun.
well, with high long-distance rates, many cna't afford this and how would you see your friend anymore?
one reason that i support computers is because they make learning easier.
not only is that not helping you hand-eye coordination, but it is causing you to type much slower than you would if you were looking at the screen.
after in done writing have to put all the materials away and then put the letter in the mailbox and walk all the way back.
studies show that people find the internet easy to use, and quicker than any method.
he reaches the school before school starts.
people will begin to lose the sense of what is right and what is wrong.
my sister has a computer in her bedroom and i barely see her at all.
finally a huge impact on this decision is knowing that everyone has an opinion on something.
many of my friends also come to school on their bicycles.
i feel like everyone should try new things.
one raise the question of these books possibly invoking violence.
i implore your company to make the righty decision and write to help pull us off of our butts and get us up and going strong again.
so therefor that is my views and beleifs on why or why not libraries should be restricted to certain people.
computers are the building blocks of our medical world.
we are lucky to live in an age where the intenet is right at our fingertips.
this tends to make people's legs num and make people's stomach hurt alot.
also, using a computer makes your projects easier because fixes your mistakes, and finds everything you need.
if your child picks up a book that you dont want them to read then you should not have taken him in the store in the first place.
if people acually stopped to take the time and think; theirs a chance that they would see how computers has helped us grow as a nation.
',''t got anything nice to say, than 't say anything at all.
movies and magazines are my biggest thing that would worry me.
i remember one year i had to go to my friends birthday party and we didn't know how to get there.
another reason is because of communication.
it makes life so much easier without creating a place where people become lazy.
do you think computers benifit us?
it doesn't mean it should be banned, maybe blocked in your home, but not banned.
to conclude, computers have a positive effect on people.
this is just one many reasons why computers have a positive effect on people.
here are three reasons why, .
all it is, is cause and effect.
have we grown lazy to do such a thing as to get up and look through a book.
the computer helps people learn about different places all over the world helps w/ hand-eye coordination, and lets you talk to your friends!
computers are too important and beneficial to lose.
therefore, you won't have as much trouble trying to communicate to all your friends at a time on the computer than on the phone.
should be remove, unless if it has nudity or a lot of cussing in the books.
knowing this, how could anyone truly believe that it would be smart to stop including new books that would entice new patrons?
secondly, movies on computers can be a real time if you want to around.
when working on the you get distracted.
i hope that my lette and probably many others show you about computers actually do.
so why have offensive books in shelfs?
""you also have a lot of fun"" said .
you probally also use it for of the things stated above.
parents complain about the many times they have to drag their sons and daughters from the screen for dinner or a soccer game that started minutes ago.
some think its not right to have offensive things out in the open on the shelves.some people think its alright.
dear post, i have been thinking about the way computers affect our lives.
so please do your part by spreading the word.
of people say they learn social on the computer.
it first starts off with grades.
what do you do?
i remeber i used to go on everyday to talk to friends.
when a person uses a computer they have to keep an eye on the screen but still be able to use the mouse or keyboard.
higher test scores equal fundimg.
computers, in fact, increase our hand-eye coordination.
of america believes that computers help greatly and how they have more time to do things is being upgraded every day and it keeps getting better and better.
having a lot of knowlage is a good thing and will do good things for you in the future.
lastly computers can be dangerous and/or harmful to health.
lastly if you wanted to buy anything and you could't find it any stare you just get it online.
so dont drive to miles just to get a map or brochure, use your computer and print one off.
some scientists have even studied the the time, the more you are online, the more likely chance you will become obiece.
read on to find out how you can talk to friends on the computer.
they are a great blessing.
this can lead to death.
i started reading .
in all honesty yes, let them read and listen to whatever they think is interesting.
computer use is a growing problem.
should we not be able to borrow or rent this movies?
that excites me.
that is the early days and they need to know about all of it and how it was back then when they didn't have everything we do now.
because of this, one person's definiton of offensive shouldn't be held higher than another's.
hundreds of thousands of people play online games everyday!
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
people might have their own point of view, no one has there right of telling one person what they can or can't like.
recorded evidence is, of course, available of egypt and mesopotamia five or six thousand years ago.
first off, people can't enjoy nature.
most people who are and again.
this can coms in handy when you are in a fight with your friend about who is a better .
most of the time the child will have an adult with them but sometimes they can pick up something before you can stop them.
they can also make grading a paper easy.
some people can find books about religion and faith to be very offensive because some people not see eye to eye about other religions.
if we didnt learn about what happened during that horrific time it could possibly happen again without us even knowing that it has happened before.
people are actually sharing their memories with each other, all thanks for the computer.
i think that all the bad books should be taken out of a library.
including, newspapers, books, and magizines.
lets say your family is going to the beach, you stay home to play games on facebook.
but if your the only one then i highly doubt they will make a special effort to get rid of it.
he would be able to see it, grab it, and himself up quicker than before.
if you were interested in nature you could learn about all kinds of nature around the world.
me as a child a is throwing me off of my homework.
famous psycologist says that ""kids and students learn more when they are on the computer researching or new things.""
computers have helped this country grow and prosper.
we have become too dependent on 's and computers, which in turn makes us forget valuble information.
there are also music that parents don't want kids to listen to.
i want to explain to you how i feel about computers personally.
you need them to see how you are doing financially computers are essential to our and economy.
they also need adult combinations to preview the movie.
what i am doing the cmr's i of my teachers is this computer that is what i think which computers are good for people.
take all of that into consideration.
they are our best guides and philosophers.
computers do have an effect on us, but in a good way.
people are and less about the environment does to computer.
another example is you can look up recent or past events you want to know about and research it.
another second one is people maybe addicted.
for exsample, like they have a website called .
if i had to choose between doing homework or chatting on , i would choose .
if you don't want your kid's to read them , leison to them, or whatch them don't let them get them
what are they doing on the computer you ask; well lets, find out.
dear local newspaper, i believe that people who uses alot of technology such as computer are not good, technology can affect adults and even more is children.
these were some reason why you should not use the computer.
they have the right to read what ever they want, as long as it's entertaining to them and they are learning something new.
all the electronics these days are making people forget about nature, and that needs to change.
we found that the computer manual booklets says to only go on for an hour at a time.
you would probably agree that communication can be used in negative ways, but communication is keep our world spinning.
newspapers give us knowledge about many things of the past and present.
thats just the part of life, everything is not perfect.
my reasons are that people need to exersize, go out doors.
but, it is mostly good.
i know when i go i always find my style of music that appeals to me.
a lot of it is especially not for young children.
secondly, the computer creates false personas.
they have a new thing now where you can play lifestyle games.
music such as hip/hop and rap contain degrading comments to men and/or women.
and they dont no anthing about it so they go on a computer and they could book a reserucition for a hotel.
and it has impacted our country, in my opinion a good way.
what happened to the library's that had information that was actually helpful in school?
if you would like to protest something that isn't in your beliefs or something that offends you, then go right ahead.
now if she makes a song that is offensive to me and as well as my friends, then that where i draw the line.
if you believe this is offending you then put it down and forget about it, you dont have to read or watch it.
another, that can be even more intrested is webcam.
also, there is facebook which can help us connect on a global stage.
if i dont like something thin i just dont read it or look at it and thats how everyone should be
but, nowadays it's computers.
dear 's newspaper editors i have recently read an atical that was talking about how experts are concerned that people are spending way too much time on their computers.
there are many different arguments about this subject.
likewise there are other times that close family or friends can talk to each other over the .
no person is flawless and is incapable of mistakes.
now we have the computer.
another reason why computers are good to use is because of online chats.
i you will come through to yourself and agree.
is such a strong statement by katherine paterson in regards to censorship in libraries.
dear , the effect that computers have on people is not a positive one.
if this is a library no, but if it is a library, yes.
all the things that show explicit material have some type of warning for it and if you choose to keep reading or listening it is your decision.
its the readers right to choose weather or not to read the material.
it's adults too.
i have experinced problem.
handeye coordination is very important.
but he always helps the needy persons.
in the kids section, they have kid's books.
get more copies of the book.
mercury is nearest to the sun.
the last reason that supports my opinion is that computers make our school lives faster and much simpler to deal with.
but she does not have the mane.
computers can be useful and have some benefits; on the other hand, they are harmful and they should not be used as often.
knoleg is one of the greatest quests for mankind, always trying to figure out how and why things happen.
a fast instinct is to say communication when you why humans need computers.
at the age of got a rip in his small intestine that grew infecte and could have ended his life.
i was led to my class toom.
there's no need to discrimanate against a book or movie just because a certain religion group or someone as an individual doesn't approve of it.
not to mention the career paths involving computers directly, such as repairing or movie special effects.
but people need to get out more.
the path of the planets is known as an orbit.
actually, she is very kind to me and rest of the family members.
it seemed very difficult, as i kept falling.
websites like google and bing are easy websites to help us get good and accurate information about whatever the topic is that we are doing.
this concludes that computers benefit the society we live in today.
firstly, you loose interaction with family and friends.
censorship is the same thing that did to prevent people to think for themselves and discover that his tactics were a great evil to society.
i believe that if a material is offensive to you, then you shouldn't read it or listen to it.
in conclusion there are many reasons why books should stay on the shelf even if they are offensive to someone.
dear , i understand the conterversies between having computers.
these fancey computers are very expensive, but also very useless.
it is the classic argument between two parties trying to prove eachother wrong, what is admissable and what is not.
i really enjoy learning about foreign places and culture.
with the computer my dad talks to them almost everyday.
it's like saying that before we had computers or video consoles, that a board stopped kids from exercising.
we type something and we use our eyes to look at the screen and then our hands to type, one mistake and automatically our hand fix it.
people are making every year with the help computers.
to censor libraries would neglect parent responsibilities, destroy our profitable media, and be unconstitutional.
we check news on computers, some people even use their computers a and watch important shows.
family to take time from away from us.
now movies should not be in libraries at all, libraries are supposed to be a place to get something nice to read or listen to.
in conclusion building, playing and jumping (the list could go on) you can enjoy the outdoors.
our heart beats all day and all night.
each side of the arguement whether its for or against censorship is almost entirely opinionative.
also my typing has gone up from words-per-minute.
imagine if we had to go back to using typewriters.
another reason why i dont think that people should be able to choose what is on the shelves of libraries everywhere.
he was one of the few people who was working on going to the moon for the very first time.
secondly, computers make it very easy to communicate with others.
many average people are now staying inside all day on the computer playing games, or on facebook and other interactive websites such as twitter and .
any intelligent person would realize that computer time isn't as fun as family and friend time.
they should be supported because they teach hand eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places, and allow people to talk to others online.
and they are just so convenit so clearly computer are good to have!
dear local newspaper, in the society we live in, more and more people are using computer including me.
the internet charges no additional fees for chatting no matter how far away you are from each-other.
because we are all the same.
wether you like an item or dislike it is a matter of your own personal opinion and decisions should not be made based on someones opinion alone.
would we have to read more like many people do thats great idea.
have skype or oovoo and talk to people that are too far away to visit.
author katherine paterson proclaims, 'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children have taken off the shelf.
he should be taught to think before he acts, to be prudent and useful to his society.
if you're really bored and you don't know what to do, make up a game.
maybe even just a fun computer game is nice.
if kids would want to rent a movie then they would have to have a permission slip signed by their parents and returned.
the enviornment maybe alot more dangerous then a library if learn though some one else.
so resturants need computers to survive the world.
i have had a expierence when my plane was canceless but didn't know until, she went on the computer and checked.
try not to get involved with any online games being in a nationwide disease.
oliver is my best friend.
for instance, i could do a search engine on recent disaters and find hundreds of articles on and other recent news.
you can also feel lighter and better about yourself, you will be more active.
you would become over weight and unhappy.
to sum it all up, computers benefits society and have possitive effects on people.
you can even take classes online not impressed?
if a child is constantly on the computer than they have a chance of not being prepared for the ""real world.""
asked why, he replied, "" keeps everything organized, and is an easier way to research topics.""
their is one more thing that i think is very important, which is magazines.
in conclusion, computers have a negiteve effect on people!
i hope you will trust me that the computer has a positive effect on society.
also the computer is helpful when trying to find maps to a certain place or a phone number to a store.
young minds acquire knowledge and wisdom by reading great books.
they feel that it is sending a bad message to children and teaching them horrible things to do and say.
i know i would not just for my kids but for other children also
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects computers have on people is they help make every day life easyier.
what about little kids?
like afternoons or during lunch time.
and last ley my last conclusion.
all the times i go to the libraries i have never come across a book that was offensive.
dear : some people believe computers benefit society.
countless people around the world face these problems everyday and computer usage should be lessened.
half an hour.
about of america is obess so excercising should definitely be a priority but with these new websites and activities on the computer people are getting held back.
then you have to pay sur the internet witch can so sur a month.
alot of i know dont think that alot of books are offensive.
also gives me about a college that i would and like to attend to.
computers help you keep in touch with distant friends and/or family, they assist you in research, and they even let you do shopping.
the computer shows what man kind is capable of doing.
a book is more than words or happenings; they're adventures and stories that travel from one person to another.
but also people who listen to that type of music might be disappointed.
it allows them to have fun but at the same time learn something about the world or even themselves.
if you limit and set a time on the use of your computer everything will be wonderful.
but this is just one of the many uses a computer has.
reconnecting with loved ones, loving nature, and exercising are bad effects on society, then what is good?
instead of worrying thoughts you or not remember, you now have confidence that you can look back and find your thoughts right on your .
if this habit continues you might soon see yourself drifting away from your friends because you don't make the time to spend lunch break with them.
the lorries, buses, cars and other vehicles passed on the way.
beliefs are important to people no matter their age, gender, sexuality, or their race.
's game playing gets in the way with the interaction of him and his family.
or if you are home schooled and you dnt see other kids your age that can talk to the on the computer.
the child feels sad because they feel ugly and they lose self esteem.
so this heat will eventually heat up the earth.
with the computer, people are abel to , talk on , or even talk to a loved one on a webcam.
you can learn about where and how the person lives.
that's why i believe you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
people need to see their always not going to get what they want in life but they need to move on.
treat the childeren how you were treated growing up.
people exploit most of their time on comptuers, reducing their exercise time.
look at what computers can do.
haven't you lost soemone in your family, or haven't spoken to them in years and always wanted to find them and get back in with them?
with out computer scientests couldnt do much reasarch or learn about plants or rocks.
do people have the right to limit imagination?
also the teachers use computers to put grades from students in.
it used to be that you had to buy a magazine or book to witness the exploitation of young women.
have such a good lifestyle for them, do you want to feel guilty for ruining that?
if some one don't like this book and this book offended them.they shold don't read this book and read what they like.
lastly you can wacth video's that can teach you all sorts of exotic things.
they help us in a lot of way and they also help us find new friends and new updates.
""i want my , to experience the wide variety of nature as she grows old.""
that's why you should believe that computers have positive effect on people.
computers are really fun to play on.
with this i can talk to people and get wacky emails.
the will always be violence and crime in todays world along with excessive swares and cuss words all around.
also, obesity numbers have increased greatly since the invention of personal computer and the internet.
if we relied on peoples' opinions to keep our librarys free of offense, there would be nothing in it
you have web cam and that allows you to chat and see the person.
today in our society almost everyone uses computers weather to do research, play games, or interact with others.
i think so.
remember the words of shakespeare.
the computer is often used for projects essays which is important.
they think people spend to much time on the computer and are getting less exercise.
not only did see the positive effects of staying in contact.
talk to friends.
last example, is you can always learn something everyday from your computer, like news, weather etc.
a big thing for parents in this situation is what if my child gets ahold of this?
they were just writing a book.
we post our letters in the letterboxes outside the post office.
the computer also gives us information about local news such as weather, traffic reports and if there has been a crime that has happended.
to sum it up, techology is corrupting the minds of human beings... and it need to stop!
keep reading to change people lifes in < </>.
how would you feel walking into your childs bedroom seeing them on the floor dead from being bullied on the computer.
it's just a book, it's not like it's actually happening.
for a long happy life.
so they can talk to there relitives across.
i went over my i sat right and she didn't even look at me playing computer games.
who can tell you what you think is offensive or not?
the store can not take the books off the shelf if one person is offended by the book.
something simple as this could've been done over an email.
its the real world, the adult world.
there were about fifty passengers who were traveling with us.
so leave the options open to the children and let them learn from the stories they choose.
by playing games , we can use what we learn in real life.
i did not think that that kind of thing would happen at a public library, but it did.
online also helps because you can pay bills to gave bank and it overall saves a trip to the bank & a waste of gas.
childeren will be childeren and they will sneak behind your back and do what they want to because they never knew what it was like in the first place.
or talking with someone and you wonder what something is or means.
it all really depends on the reader.
there are few areas of the earth where no rain falls for
forget about family and most importantly yor health their vision gets bad, they eat more junk foor and that can lead to bad cholersterol.
using the computer is a quick and easy way to get these answers.
computers keep people intouch, all over the world.
whatever you do on the computer typing, playing online game, or surfing the web develop hand-eye coordination.
dear the , i understand that you have some concerns about computers.
sometimes it's needed, sometimes it's not.
no we should not have to take certain things off of library shelves.
the average citizen in , spends hours on the computer so that's calories.
computers are even portable go wherever they go their still going to go online.
anotherthing on that topic is that overweight children that spend hours.
so you can always interact with & if they dont have a account signing up is.
millions of people died for saying the wrong stuff.
without computers you wouldn't be able to get in touch with these people.
another example is that public look up information about the world on my computer.
no one is forceing people to read or watch things, that is why there is something called viewers disgression.
it will also look neater and more orginized.
that is another reason why computers are very benefitial to the society.
but if i go to the instant message website then i can talk to her as much as i want.
if you said to all of these questions then using a computer is the way to go!
as you know, getting freshair is good for everyone.
however, the most prominent seasons are summer, winter and rainy seasons.
all school day they talked to their friends, they need to be with family doing something to keep them fit and healthy.
my opinion is that people spend to much time on computers and dont concentrate on their family.
this is why i believe that computer you.
i have three reasons to support this statement.
books, movies, magazines, and music are a part of every country in the world today.
no, i sure hope you would not, but to some they see that as their one resolution.
typing s faster than hand writing and its neater.
my third and final reason why computers are good is that you can use them to plan a vacation or move dining reservations.
your friends are the people that you want to talk to and spend time with.
average people like me and you need to know the weather, global issues and many other important topics.
the problem is there are millions of children like who are not getting enough exercise instead opting.
studies show that out of teens get easily distracted by social networking websites such """".
these online social networks connect you and the people in your life to a crazy online adventure.
the kinds of music people listen to.
it's good for research, it's something to do when someone is truly bored, and it enables friends and family to stay close via online communication.
why wouldn't you want a computer?
he always takes part in the school athletic events.
do you see all people computers looking up facts about things as going on the computers learning.
likewise of corse they teach hand eye coordination.
the computer is a great, easy way to keep organized.
people can just not pick the book up and look for another book.
now there are some materials that are pushing the line of their content.
now a days more and more sites keep adapting and becoming known like bing.
the rush of water demolishes and carries away the houses, top-soil, men and animals.
weather its , finding things, or connecting with frends the computer has what ever you need.
we didn't have computers, there would be more people out exercising, and enjoying nature.
another reason why i would think that a computer is a good thing for anyone it can save a-lot of important things.
the internet has so much information.
i think that nature can provide all of the same qualatys than any computer can.
some say that using computers rather than exercising and being outside is a bad thing.
you won't get enough exercise and you can suffer from diabetes, high and childhood obesity.
sometimes kids don't even look for bad things, they just pop up.
say, someone wanted to take a trip to they can look it up, learn the launage.
dear the , studied that of people believe computers have a positive effec on people.
we can do this by helping to keep our sources of water clean.
everything would be so much more fun if you were there and got to experience it, not just read about it.
it provides useful information to everyone.
these days children learn about things sooner and sooner.
some other good things about talking to people online is if you're talking to many people at once or if your parents are on the phone.
a world without powerful voices influencing not only our daily actions, but hundreds of years of war, love, and hate.
they allow you information at the touch of your fingers, access to friends/family, plus there's time limits.
in the 's people migrated here to escape the control that their government had in their homeland.
also, your not exercising while on the computer, being active keeps your shape along with being fun.
which is a saying i have heard many of times.
this is fabolous but don't used the webcam for something bad you can learn thing that you don't know.
i strongly urge you to take action to start reduce time on computers spent.
about of people chat online with families or friends.
when a person has a veiw they tend to want to share it with the world or defend it againts those who opose their opinion.
children need to know what has happened in our past to see what they can change in our future.
the days are getting shorter lets live it like.
my second example is the effect of the computer.
however, some scientists think people are spending too much time on the computer instead of excercising, or taking a walk.
we went by car and it took us eight hours to reach simla.
teens learn to type to make life easier.
even though you are ill you will still be getting paid because you are still working.
on the other hand the computer has that many people are connecting and communicating they can set a plan to many critics have people and spends the computer.
if you feel like you do not know many interesting subjects like a culture of some sort or something that you heard your computer can tell you.
if you want to know the mother and how to prepare for , just look up and do what you have to.
i know i sure wouldn't.
the comittys are trying to remove the books from school shelfs.
it would be unfair to those people, and if we are unfair to them, we have to be unfair to everybody.
computers allow people to learn, they allow people communicate to family and friends, too.
on things around the world.
these points to computer wellfare are they bring sourses, their is interaction between people, and computers are going to advance more over time.
read on as i will explain in details.
i think the books should stay on the shelves.
second reason is we have alot more useful search engines than years ago.
without a doubt people who spend hours on the computer everyday have less time to excersice in every young adults are obiese.
the compute can touch you new thing, give you the chance to chat with family and friends far away, and open your mind on travel.
by simply pressing a label on a book that states the concerns can be found within the pages, it will save the world alot of harm.
on weekends, he takes us out for picnic and movies.
two minds are better than one.
computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
you can just log on to your facebook, twitter, or myspace and tell them your running late.
i think that the computers are good to be used because anybody can use them at anytime or go on it whenever they want to.
how could that possibly be regroup?
in conclusion the more you get to learn hot to use a computer the better hand-eye coordinated you will be.
exercise helps prevent against diseases as well as keepin gyou in shape.
all of this things are happening because of the computers everyone is getting.
the internet on the computer allows people to find an answer quickly.
they miss spending time with you.
this is a critical point in their lifes.
for instance, computers can be very dangerous and people these days just seem to spend too much time using them!
it is for that reason that computors are not a benefit to our society.
experts say that with computers at home get only of the exercise without computers get.
since they thought that i was too young to be reading that information, they weren' going to let me proceed with my research.
, the past few centuries when economics and the environment are put on a scale, economics takes the cake by a mile.
i swim on a swim team for a .
it only let's you talk to friends and that's why no one uses it anymore.
or you can chat with complete strangers from around the world.
so when i got home i went on my laptop and looked it up so i did and it said nothing about.
did you know most everyone who his a house their chances of having a computer is just as lucky as having a telephone.
dear local newspaper: are computers possitively affecting society?
these are the reasons i think internet is valuable in this day in age.
today i will be talking to you about technology, and why i think its benefitting society poorly.
also becuse of sexual activity and many more things
well, as shown by studies, ctizens take what these items say more offensivley than what it seem.
why would you take things away that people actually enjoy?
, that sounds good and all, but who's gonna pay for ?
are still with me?
see, i told you stickig you face too close to a computer screen can hurt your eyes.
on a computere your child will probally be shown things like words to pornographic features.
in about two seconds you should have fantastic results.
that meaning is life.
coumputrs are also for great for recer antal acitivitys, and they also take your life away.
you should take awaile or ride your bike.
next i'll talk about the movies they should have avalible in the library.
i think books should be removed from the shevles if found offensive.
thats an example of being obsessed with a computer.
the excessories on the computer are endless.
i think if their was no technology kids these days wont be beast.
the use of computers is, obviously the best dicision.
one reason that i would be for computers is so you can talk to freinds online.
reasons are that they can educate , they make things easy, they are enjoyable.
they belive that people use them all the time.
computers were the start and people haven't stoped since.
for instance, one of my favorite types of movies to watch is a comedy.
are still some reasons why computers are not very good.
a person does't go to the library to see something that offends them.
most public libraries carry mostly adult books and a small section of children's books.
a survey conducted by shows that out of people have better hand-eye coordiantion that use computers them that don't.
when you were a child how much did you learn from books?
and to limit the literary subjects that people prefer could be parallelled with limiting a person's voice of opinion.
the computer is also a great device to use for learning.
the members of this novels society are basically opinionless on what is happening in their world.
computers also can give you dieting tips and advice from live locals.
one of the reasons is that the computer has bad things online like kidnaps.
our students all are benificial to our world today.""
out of said they perfer computer.
authors have the right to put profane language in their books, and even dirty ideas.
by putting the adult books section by the check out place, an employee at the library could easily find any small children wandering into that section.
finding a book offensive is a simply an opinion, and has no factual evidence.
in my opinion, we should not get rid off computers because it good for doing school work and talking with family.
how do computers do that?
this can not only make the public upset, but can possibly lead to the author getting fired.
with censorship we eliminate such problems.
i believe that computers are an major impact on people.
but when there cleared then the computer world will be peacful once agaen.
has the most beautiful nature ever, the birds, the animals, the times and the fall time.
emailing helps things go faster as well as your computers.
teenagers are teenagers they must have technology.
it's in society.
my friends will forget about interacting with any and everyone just to spend time on the computer all day.
now that you know that lets moves on to the conclusion.
sometimes people who we love have to move far away from us.
there are games that come with the computers and a lot of games on the internet.
if a kid got into a fight at school can come home and to work it out and not leave it unseatled.
they give you instance, is a great way to talk to people.
do you, the fair people our nation, wish to be responsible for such a catastrophe!
to whom this concern: i heard that people are having a debate to tell whether computers benefit us or are bad for us.
if people spend all their time on computers, then do they exercise.
computer are used in buisness environment too.
the computer is necessary for our society today.
teenagers are supposed to get one hour of exercise each day but out teens surveyed at admit getting that exercise.
of people prefer looking up information on a computer than in a book.
about of all picture on the internet are true.
in conclusion, kids spend to much time on computers.
when i am bored i sometimes go on, and so for i have filled over thirty bowls of , while learning at the same time!
my first argument is that most people use there computer to get information for a project they have to do for class.
remember, computers aren' just a waste of time and way to will your brain cells.
obesity has already been an issue for millions people in the and it is mostly because they eat unhealthy snacks while sitting at the computer the whole day!
the movies of today can, but most of the time aren't,be good things.
there are many website on the internet that teach kids to type.
i have a different opion on the subject.
so the children care more about the internet the being healthy.
ok fine if flying is not your thing then why not thy exercising.
but people can also contribute at individual level by planting trees and preventing denudation of vegetable cover.
i believe the correct answer is computers.
if we do take away all the offensive materials we should take away everything.
wouldn't you agree?
now is the time where our technology advances.
i think i proved my point of why computers are sometimes bad and sometimes good like people.
i surveyed kids and said that computers are there main source of communication.
some things are like what pictures it contains, launguage it contains, and what kind of advertising.
such as political cartoon.
also to mention all of the dirty pictures kid's draw in the magazines and books.
lastly it's becoming a worldwide addiction.
are many reasons we should not censor public media.
do you remember the last time you locked something up on the computer?
instead they just go pick a different read to enjoy for themselves.
he told me to look to my left.
because who needs to go outside when you could be chatting with a friend or just being on looking up new technology.
just go on your favorite search engine and search your topic.
my point is tons of people all around the world computers to learn.
take for example, you could learn their culture and the they celebrate and why.
do you want to loose your social and grammer skill?
on , pictures be added so anyone who wasn't able to be at an event can now see what is was like.
you can talk or web chat with friends.
last, computers can help you correct with friends and family members.
make the change today.
we inquired about how the bought their tickets and them said online. ""
you can find pictures, videos, maps, and much more.
she takes us to school and brings back from the school.
he is a man of noble ideals.
furthermore, just from using a computer anyone can find facts about lands halfway across the .
out of house hold have computers, or of does.
by keeping updated.
computers and technology ruin your time with your family.
should i be allowed to remove it from shelves, leaving teenagers without their music, denying artists' freedom of speech, and ultimately, leaving them unemployed?
so everyone out there could does not like the effect of the computers have on the public, please reconsider.
in a library you have the right to have an open mind.
if the library's closed and a students needs information, you can look it upon the internet.
they turn people into low life scums and criminals.
the content in libraries, offensive or not, should not be removed.
without the internet this would almost be impossible.
in conclusion, i think libraries should have at least some censorship.
in conclusion, computers are used every day and help us greatly, weather it be learning a new language, or just talking to friends.
some material should be denied from entering small towns and the specified material can only be aquired at large libaries or specific book stores.
it can tell you about crimes that are happening.
her helper teacher.
do you think that censorship should be used?
i don't want my pictures and my deleted because nothing else competes with the mighty computer since it me have an enjoyable time and entertains me well.
computers help and in the process of hand eye coordination.
last years study has shown that of kids have improved hand movement faster than regular therpy.
i relly hope you consider my argument.
he found these bands i had never heard and i realy liked them.
computers teach hand-eye coordination, let you learn about more places, and interact with more people.
dear, are a major part in everyday life.
if less teens used computers as often as they do they would be lifting a nof their parents shoulders.
dear , everyone love computers right?
is faraway from us, we see it small.
computers also enable you to kids back and laugh at historical videos on youtube.
that is where my opinion will start, and tell why it is that way.
we come to know about their habits, customs, and traditions.
people of all different countries be inquestitive about where they came from.
some find that ' ' or 'the of ' are offensive books because of their repeated use of the '' word.
but self control is the only way to avoid this problem.
computers allo people to talk online with each other.
first, people spend more to on the computer than they exerciseing.
it will show that a large part of the earth is covered with seas.
a library is a place you can go to read, write, and relax.
it was a very happy visit.
i was eleven years old.
i just put that book down and continue my search.
however, the truth of the matter is that some people spend way to much time on the computer.
in a recent survey done in the town of , of the people there thought that using computers to talk to friends was alot easier.
also, if a student has a paper due the , but their printer is broken, they email the paper to the teacher.
you will be amazed.
this, soldiers, is what need to get people hooked on not time consuming electronics.
the library could get in a lot of trouble.
i, on the other hand, think otherwise.
first, exercise is a very important part of the day and it is happening less and less because kids are sitting infront of there computers all day long.
for intsense, if a fifty-year-old female read a violent book with some curse words and sexual content she might think that it was offensive.
going on the computer is much easier.
last but not least, most people don' eat healthy when they play video games or go on the computer.
could you imagine life without computers?
but there be some issues, people are useing then to much.
therefore, i hope you like my letter and enjoy my opinion.
i was visiting a prompt last week.
the program connects you to your friends or family and you can see them thourhg a video.
or you could use the computer for school work or for work.
these will even be areas on the website to donate to the that need assistance.
i think computers are one of the greatest inventions ever.
so don't punish everybody just because of some inmature kids that ruin it for everybody
you could keep in touch with old friends or family.
we want to learn about the places so we can travel there.
mostly in these three reasons: you can communicate with your friends, they help you in school, and they are a reliable source for everybody life.
my garden is very dear to me.
what about how hours of research are two clicks away?
this is much easier than calling the person.
now need on so can all up.
if your not really into using the for communication you could learn.
they must learn how to become successful in life.
first of all they teach hand-eye coordination.
that is why everyone should make the right desition to take reasponcible charge of their life, and the same question, which is more important?
instead getting together with a friend people just go on the computer to talk.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are a good thing to have for the following three reasons.
they should leave the libraries just the way they are.
""i on my computers - and , i strongly belive that computers benefit our society because they help people learn more.
it is well known that almost everyone knows someone who lives far away.
thats why i think people should not argue about taking books off the shelf and start thinking of others.
also, people use computers for work and jobs.
computers make people obees studys show that of obees americans admit to being adicted to the computer.
another reason to censor magazines would be because of some religious views on what people see when they look at the magazine.
libraries hae more credible sources and reliable information to study from.
so you need to get off the computer and spend time with your loved ones.
in , we have freedom of speech, the freedom to write or animate to express any belief we choose.
and when i say innapropriate, i don't only mean on sexual terms, i mean for school.
the libraries would have a very watered down material base and there would be no reason to use this place anymore.
first reason is that computers help people educate others.
also, a of says that less people needed a loan when the computer came out with instant messaging and video chatting.
they conect us deliver news, and are in almost all of our technology.
i think that the advances of technology to the computer are great and more beneficial than bad.
for being on the computer for so long you are at risk for carpal tunal syndrome.
as i stated most people are becoming more and more lazy these days because all they have to do to have fun is sit and do little movement.
games could possibly be very useful when you need to prepare yourself something.
the first reason why i think censorship shouldn't be allowed in libraries is becuase it's showing disobedience.
his holidays and leisure hours are very few.
if we were in a world without computers then our society would be completely lost.
some marked-out words aren't always offensive to others, either.
in opinion i think it benfit society.
it keeps you and healthy.
so we wait for the postman eagerly.
also when your bored it will give you something to do.
with that extra you could buy many books and magisnes insted of a computer.
in i it should be @caps4 movies.
there are people that are officave to all kinds of people.
they show thier pictures on chat sites, give away too much information, and enough.
think of the successful schools in our country, and then think of which of those schools don't have computers.
that's like taking somebody possessions and telling them your opinion on them and then ditching them into the trash to rote and vanish forever.
i feel that however possible, you should always talk to people in person and not through cameras and wires.
in conclusion, wouldn't you agree that computers do have good effects on people.
aren't computers great?
i believe computers positive effect in people.
i was finally doing well in .""
children have rapidly developing minds and are sometimes defined by the images that they are exposed to.
thats help install the coordination your towns children will use the rest their !
in my opinion, computers are helping , not hurting .
they resemble the earth and are aptly called ?terrestrial planets?.
also they cut communication with your family making it rare to truly bond with them.
second of all, is that computers give people the ability to learn about far away places.
since some of the kids in my school who have special needs have a hard time reading.
finally, computers allow people to talk online with other people.
i belive that it is totally up to you, if you read it.
without a doubt this world is gorgeous and is worth while to see the nature!
not everyone is right and perfect just be youselves
out of people sold in a survey that they have someone they talk to over the internet.
for starters, most people today are becoming overweight because they either wacth to much , or they sit on the computer and eat all day.
if you have a computer, then that is great.
almost everyone has a email now.
if parents use the computer then their child will think it's ok to do so.
dear local newspaper a take all your computer and given to the people around the world for the can stay in their houses chating with their family and friend.
if your phone is not working you can also use the computer to communicate with your family.
his father is very kind and religious.
there are multiple ways that they could use their computers to keep in touch, like instant messaging systems mentioned before.
theres is a lot of things kids can do with their friends and families instead of using the computer.
well, if you afree with me then the computer is your cup of tea i think that computers have a positive effect on society.
everyone seemed to of already have friends for years and here i was, a new student with no friends to communicate with.
however either way they are still fast ways to contact a person far away.
""the more people who see how beautiful is the less likely they will pollute it with smoke.
these people need to get their families and friends back.
on todays coumputors you can play games watch videos, and listen on coumputors.
in conclusion, i hope you took my letter into concideration.
owning a computer is surely not a good idea.
these books were offensive.
also, it gives you a possitive effect.
:you have nothing except your laptop.
then you don't need to buy all those high priced chanles to watch movies.
i went to the library and checked out a book on her and it said that a woman killed her actually.
and it worked, i got a much better grade then i did on the one i guessed on.
not everyone likes the same music or is interested in reading the same subject, thats why its wonderful that their is a variety of everything.
in conclusion experience with computers can benefit any one person and entire society all together.
i don't think it's a bad idea to use computers because some people who have jobs works on computers all day.
though my opinion will only count to myself i hope you will to stress the importance of computers in your future articles.
you spend all your time inside computer cool technology but you don't need to be on it .
as the winter starts fading away and the heat begins to intensify, people pack up their woolens.
for example if you wanted to no about it's sports, you can just type in name.
so i believe that books are more reliable.
my mother got up early in the morning to give milk to the kids before they start screaming.
my cousin is always on the computer and the doctor tould him to minimize how muchtime your on it because hes obeast.
technology is like a sponge, it absorbs information and then continue to expand everytime you add more.
dear local newspaper, do you keep in touch and do computers effect your job?
it is all a learning experience.
the programs teach you how to type, it is called type to learn or type for fun.
i bet that if computers were taken away for year, then the changes in health would be drastic.
the problem is, that with all of this and knowledge, there are young minds that are not yet ready to soak it all up.
it makes the the people who would like the items that have been censored mad.
i hope that you put those reasons in our local paper so every one can see how computers have a positive effect on people.
but those books will be in libraries forever and you can't make them go away because you don't want you're chilren to read them.
some say your not exercising or nothing so you get too fat, or too skinny and your not healthy at all.
the possibility children will see the offensve material appears unlikely.
katherine paterson, an author, said that if all things reading or listening materials were removed, nothing would be left.
this brings me to the last point.
it can also help learn a lot of things.
anything you can get on any other technologies.
thats why i think that computers are a good idea and that they are very important.
, a concerned parent at .
but when she does somthing she complains that her fingers hert.
while you use computers you are improving your hand-eye coordination.
for example the television keeps people from doing other activitys, but their not talking about stop that.
one more thing to take into consideration, is the authors money.
are books and other things found in libraries offensive to some?
if someone can find something to complane about they will do so.
everyone can choose their own opinions.
with the new year in offing, christmas sets in high spirits for the festive mood.
or listen to it.
nine out of ten adults said that they found a lof of their highschool friends thanks to the computers.
people people are while they could be excercising obesitey is a people sit at the computer all day, contributes to the kids have stopped participating the much computer.
you would rather be on the computer than to hang out with your family, and lastly you won't have any friends to talk to.
in , librarys should not supply offinsive material.
computers help us learn information of al types.
this make them less social meaning they won't spend time with friends, family, or even try out for sports.
there are fore my parents love him very much.
i use the computer for mostly everything i do.
i think that the books sould not be removed because people know what they are reading and if they dont like the book they sould leave it.
as you can tell, the tool of on the computer can benefit your school grades.
for example if the library only put out romance things, then what would the action lovers do ?
were teens go online and go live on a webcam were anyone can watch them.
that is the second reason why i think computers are good for people.
offensive things have been around in libraries, probably since the first library opened.
now lets say that one of your employess just broke up with his girlfriend and he is sad and lonely, so she isn't working as well.
aa stated in our constitutuion, people have the freedom to information.
he has a small garden where he grows some fruits.
others have to realize that even if its written down it is not directed towards the person reading it, if they have tooken it the wrong way.
teachers need computers to file the students name, grades, and information, instead of using a cabinet.
there's a erason that of use them, and it's not just an excuse to sit around all stay.
people always says we don't need computers i personaly agree with the statement.
also, if you spend all of your time indoors and on the computer you will not get the exersize you need.
the liabaries should use warning stickers on books so that person knows ahead of time about the graphic or voulgur language.
too but learning about nature is more nature.
computers, everyone uses them, they help our parents just as much as uss.
with all the things to do in the world, we could all be doing something helpful, fun, or productive.
computers can expand on many peoples opportunities for education.
i could go on and see what the weather is for tommorrow.
the small engine ran on the narrow rail tracks.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are both a good and a bad thing.
i would like to see a chang in the way we look at notey book.
sometime, someone have been an accident injuring them, and they are stuck at home.
i remember seeing a show about this guy who was addicted to it.
a computer to give the quier accesible information is do there project at home.
people us technology for they jobs like people that work for cars they need computers to see if the cars if old.
i promise you if you keep on reading you will understand and realize my point of view.
every library has different choices.
no, i belive that every should have the chance to see it to other then the just the people how did and thought it was offensive.
dear , i belive that computers benefits the people of today.
this is because you have and it let's you know things that happen in school or out of school.
these sites aren't safe, and knowing youngs they can in danger.
they can also be used for sending important information quickly and without much trouble.
also with writing a paper, some teachers only exept typed papers.
this is how the computer can help you research any topic.
with modern day technology all that is possible.
seeing the beauty of nature, and spending less more with their families.
i now wish only to be a great scholar.
i think mainiy computers were invented to make reason easier but now adays all we use them for is social networking.
say if we censor the holocaust becuase of how horifying it was.
no young child should be able to check out about full of shooting and fighting.
plus computers waste our time.
all kinds of knowledge is in this little area, but, is some of that information inappropriate enough to be in a public place?
you can even communication with friends.
like if you have science homework and you're trying to figure a word out you can search it.
thanks to websites like and e-mail people can easily stay in touch.
in this case computers are good.
allows people to chat instintly and upload pictures and videos.
computers give negative effects on people, for example, lose eye sight, interacting with strangers online and lack of outdoor exercise.
these are some of the few reasons why this modern technology is so helpful.
to begin, people are spending too much time on computers.
for example, in basketball you need to look up while you dribbling or you while fall.
that book could be one of the best books the child or adult has every read in their life.
i strolled into my bedroom, i noticed the computer sitting on a wonder desk.
many families have accounts on photo sharing sites.
how would you feel if tons of your personal info got out into the public.
exercising is more important than a computers because it will make you health, you will not be sick so much.
computers can help people talk to someone in a far away place, teach people hand-eye coordination, and give the ability to learn about people or places.
this is about billion hours of computer usage around the world.
don't make any decisions for us because we can do it ourselves, we are learning how to be more adult like, right?
america should have off computer week to fight back from its evil grie on children.
let me explain my point of view.
finally learning is a huge deal with people today.
you should only look up infermation that you need not things like wepons or knifes.
the music that is degrading women in a very disrespectful manner.
there is a great noise in the whole building.
now, with the internet i can able to talk again.
we should, therefore, select and read good books only.
i that i would feel a lot better if i went for a run instead of going on the computer.
well if we don't have this stuff than we would be lost and won't know what to do with out that stuff.
you don't want to be lazy and not do nothing for yourself.
tell the kids about murder, drugs, sex, and crimes in general, they are twice as moldable then as they are when they are older.
next, people can actually make new friends in the computer, like pen pals.
an other reason why is educational is because you can type your paper on so your teacher can actually read your handwriting.
no one should lose exercise over playing virtual games and instant messaging on the internet.
they are not telling you what to believe and what not to believe.
dear , i believe that computers have a negative affect on peoples lives.
he has been thinking about the problem for years.
a showed that seven out of ten people prefer video chat its faster and the two people can see each other.
but, this isn't a bad thing, because it can help with so many things.
i think it is an excellent thing to have.
he always says that the computers nowadays are very easy to use for talking to people.
im not saying things like that are offensive to me because there not.
therefore, they inspire us.
just ask yourself do you want your kids getting bullied?
a lot of the music today is also sellling sex, violence, and drugs.
it has very useful for short distances.
tachs people hand-eye coordination because when people type on the kyebord the more and more ther type on the kyebord and the faster and faster.
some elder people were sitting on the other side.
as humans, they need contact with the outside world.
childhood is really the golden period of one’s life.
that we need them to communicate to other people.
they are helpful and fun you never run out of options with a computer at your side.
life would be much slower without a computer to speed things up.
some kids can choose to use the computers improperly but at the same time interesting.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
in a recent survey of college students say that they would not be getting the good grades that the were getting if they didn't have a computer.
in the years sence facebook.
another way of getting fit, (than to sit) is going out for a run.
mr. david and the members of his family are very co-operative and helpful.
he has got good health.
libraries in i am going to write a persuasive essay about what i think about some books and magazines that some people find offensive thing in the book.
one of the reasons f think computers have a bad effect on people is addictions.
they wonder down the hailway and open their book air to check the weather for today.
eventually, i came to ask my dad about a certain part of the book.
cenosoring items like books is just plane idiotic and ignorant.
communication every where is fast and easy with the computer.
read on so you can learn how computers effect people lifes.
is that the kind of palce you want people to live in?
about of viruses can cause a computer to shut down and it is hard to reboot it.
there were many shops in a row.
if someone wants to read a biography or history about , they should be able to.
many people have busy lives and having a computer at home make it easer.
teachers are telling us this, while parents and grandparents are telling us how mush different their world used to be.
dear , have been complates about computer in are society.
we reached the railway station.
censorship in the world we live in today is a very interesting concept.
there games you can play online there alot of game and fun game learning games.
the feeling of being outside will raise your spirits and sgift you from a person in a trance to a person that feels alive!
why you go youtube and watch videos that look appropriate and interesting?
kidnappings are caused because to much information on the internet, do you want that for your child.
i have many friends in school with whom i play during my lunch break.
's a much easier, clearer way to understand where exactly you need to go.
censoring books, magazines, movies, etc and what goes onto the shelves are mostly for enjoyment or informational.
to help this, i type almost all of my papers.
the second reason is that people have different opinions as to what is 'offensive' and what is not.
however, you can make it better by using computers and that is a fact.
dear newspaper editor, in my opion computers have a positive effect on people.
our librarian is a very nice lady.
with censorship, all of these things can be accomplished.
why this can be a good thing is because you can get a good idea of what its like and might want to take a trip there.
computer are really nessacary they can help in a huge way.
i know this because it happen to me looking for a book that talks about the caladers.
a good half an hour later dad comes through the door with close behind.
they get addicted to that watching.
why should the library offer things for children that parents would frown upon?
about of people learn hand-eyes coordination using a computer.
so computers have a positive effect on people.
you can talk to each other.
there were even stories about mice who had feelings and normal conversations amongst themselves!
i feel energetic for the whole day.
some people like that theme of the book or the story it has to it.
in conclusion, the three reasons; , the computer could cause blindness to people when they spend too much time on their computer.
also, the computer has programs to help you manage expenses, keeping you on top of your game.
people in schools, industries, and in homes use it all the time.
there are far too many other things to do!
it doesn't aways matter as long as your reading something that isn't stopping your mind to grow and develop fully.
last up can talk online.
we don't have enough money.""
more then not kids and parents abuse the computer.
you can interact with people all over the world.
it is one of the most best inventions to everyone around the world.
i have seen plenty of movies that made me want to go out and do what they did in the movie.
i believe this because many people get to see things that on their daily basis wouldnt.
know one can live with out computers.
i think 's should use computer's so they can help their self's by using a computer?
also money will always be less when computers come along!
they allow people to communicate with friends and family.
for example, i know of many online colleges.
i am not saying that this is true, i am only saying that its possible for some thing like this to happen.
there not a waste of time.
therefore, it is better to have good health.
many citizens in our own community of watertown think computers are a great resource for many things while others disagree with this completely.
if people spend hours on the computer it will result in bad eye sight.
the types of items in the library that shouldn't be cleaned up.
i think they have a horrible effect on people.
we go to school by bus.
lastly, did you even think about the fact that computers are used to start companys and saves lives?
if it doesn't seem to violent/graphic for your child then allow them to watch the movie, read the book, or play the game.
in conclusion you shouldn't spend most of your precious time on the computer.
instead of spending countless hours on the computer, you could be playing a sport or activity.
spending to much time on the computer can mess up your vision or damage your body.
i love the computer it helps keep me close to loved ones.""
they're out posting threats, dissing each other, sending personal messages or pictures and worst of all sometimes hurting someone so bad they commit suicide one year.
you can look at the screen and move your fingers freely.
he has the freedom of speach to wright and publish that for the world to see and hear.
lastly, computers have helped people make advances in othe areas of technology.
computers are necessary for reasons.
to achieve all these essentials a basic economic independence of all citizen is a must for democracy.
from typing to research to communicating and even to making travel arangements, computers help to make everday chores a lot easier.
experts agree, that computers and other types of technology are to blame.
my last reason why computers are good is that kids like playing games on them.
so i will say again to consider my ideas.
the people living in villages have no entertainment except the fairs.
computers are making society very lazy this is why they have a negative impact on us.
all the facts of life and the world are put into it.
there are things that you would be better off finding in a book, because not everthing is on the enternet.
will authors remove their books from libraries?
another effect computers have on kids is that stops them from spending time with family and friends.
this is caused by lack of excersize because some people are too busy responding to texts, talking on the phone and playing unneeded video games.
using the computers can help us learn about other places in the world.
all you have to do is make a word document, and type with the keys.
the third reason why computers benefit our society is entertainment.
the shows a beautiful picture of the you can almost feel the rain falling on you, you really want to learn more about it.
just say no to the computers and live your life the best way that you could.
my school has a big playground.
exercising, a very important thing for a healthy body and mind have a hard enough time finding time to do this.
everything in life is as rhythmical, as a wave upon wave on the seashore.
i firmly believe that the effects of computers are overwhelming positive.
so, one day the child decides i am going to check out a book at the library.
is for children under the age .
dear newspaper: you really think computers are that good?
you find a place you go on find good write come down yet of of the computer finish paper get grade that is good feel happy the end.
or they don't get out of the house as much as they used to they got the internet.
they give people the ability to learn about far away places and people, teach hand eye coordination, and allow people to communicate with each other.
furthermore, it is obvious when people are on the computer, they usually block out what their friends & family are saying to them.
this needs to "" can't even have a little of time with his children.
, with facebook you can catch up with them, instead of them being a memory.
the cahan can not aford the luexury of seeing the world first hand, computers let those people see the world from difient points of veiw.
once the automatic doors to the library opened she darted straight to the movie section.
i believe that computers are actually not benifiting society.
for those people who love sports, you can look up you favorite team and see if they won that weeks game.
of the most popular website for watching videos on you tube.
only to let her live and make her his own whore or slave for aslong as shes living.
its a problem because some people began to become over wieght & start to lose control over the eating habits.
do you believe that certain materials in the library should be removed off the shelf if found offensive?
you disagree with me on this because a computer can have bad websites and can also became very addicting to some people, but i think i am right.
that hurts your health and your relationship with your friend.
if not more harmful, than vregular bullying.
during family holidays, we don't bring our computers.
computers also act as a research, tool.
computer are not necisity.
but what people have to realise is that there going to find out one way or another.
people talking each other on line is just another way how computers benefit society.
you decide to do some or all of your homework now so you can go out and play.
music is everywhere and if someone tells you can't listen to it over a few words then they are going to find a way to listen to it.
the is all people use to write on their paper, and doodle on the back round.
also you need save your reports for your school or work.
they should not be removed from the shelves of the library.
with the use of a computer, information that occured sometimes as close to hours ago can appear on the internet!
to remove such things from the library, would be like trying to keep a child from ever seeing a naked body, or hearing a curse word.
you picked the computer over your friends to go to the mall.
my friend spends way too much time on her computer and not enough outside.
they tend to do damage to others and can hurt other poeple.
religion is always a hot point when it comes to censorship, but is that not in our constitution.
computers can truly be dangerous for someone who isn't careful.
the magazines are there to learn not for enjoyment.
it is truely astonishing how much one electronic instrument can impact and influence a life.
one of the best things they have is the "".""
the person might find the book useful because they want to learn about the topic more.
technology is all around us.
dear newspaper i think that computers were one the best things ever created.
computers do have effect on people.
computers make things easier for people, but they are also too dependent on.
they do not have to take it off the shelf because they are agenst it.
some peoplpe want them to remove it but some don't want them to be removed.
in the it just a seasy to contact someone in as it is to contact someone at the other side of town.
some people say that computers make people spend less time interacting with family and friends.
however, we can prevent it!
computers are good for society, because people use computers to talk to friends and family on , and .
but it didn’t seem of many challenges to the man in front.
parents can decide what their child is allowed to take home or not.
celebraties are very popular on computers or other technologies.
when does homework got done?
of people can access the web on their cell phone!
think about the choices here; you could either sit on a chair and play on the computer or take a nice run and burn a ton of calleries!
it has gotten people so much closer and you see the world in a whole different way.
anything and everything is educational in it's own way.
i remember when my mom bught me a new for dolllars and the next day it broke.
computers benefit society by teaching hand-eye coordination, allowing people to learn about foregin places, and allow people to communicate with others online.
for example my cosiun is on the computer evryday doing but wasting his time are you still with me.
this shows kids are better off typing papers, and assignments.
my dog guards the house like a watchman.
as humans have become, modernized with technology, most humans lose the physical interaction that they world normally have encountered if they we not on the computer.
finally, you can order stuff online instead of wasting gas and going to the store and the things you might order you can play with outside.
also for projects, in grade i had to learn about , the country in .
he is alwasys here, out how as you think, yep in the same park.
computers are wonderful and let us do so many things that we can't do by ourselves.
i think the computer is a benefits to society and the whole world.
so, write an article regarding the need for the use of computers and notify the people they are making the right decision by using them.
imagine, our society would advance in it's sports and even just with life if they learn how to coordinate themselves.
it can also let you see disasters in other countries and teach you about the world.
that's for less what these computers are doing to of children are overweight and of them develope heart of blood problems as adults.
there will be some interesting things you will find like different kinds of bugs and of insects.
if you want to hangout a friend's house, dont email about it, walk there and get the full affect since when does a computer a family?
without computers we wouldn't be the same as we are today.
this loss of skill, could lead to a generation of more cyber talk rather than .
also books have general information like just life, but the internet has specific information the part in the enviorment.
computers are and every day thing such as email how thats something that i dont worry about that and also there used to file a tax return.
examples like finding things out about history.
for instance, my mom told me that one of her friends daughter had a myspace and became friends with a guy she didn't know.
some of our family or friends live in far away places so we use the computer to talk.
it's a good way to educate everyone although the internet can be used to pass along important local and global information. ""
my second reason for thinking computers have a good effect on people is technology.
what i find appropreate, another find obscene and volgur.
the book turned out to be full of curse words and profanity.
the efficiency of a computer is also recognized when trying to accomplish seemingly simple tasks.
he is found everywhere in his uniform.
the snake charmer was clad in dirty kurta and pyjama.
lastly computers are good entertainment.
the media gives us insight and ideas, in which sometimes revole around our every thought.
take from example 'the ' the very book that gives instructions to build bombs, teaches you how to use firearms etc.
if we continue this most people will lose eye sight.
here is my conclusion.
i believe we could organize our books, movies, music, and magazines in a different way.
though computers seem to abuse the privlage of communication.
computers are amazing!
as you can see, the internet is a valuable learning tool.
this is a way to keep the children away from these books, words, and to keep them 'innocent' still.
what would they do if we didn't have the computer to play those games?
i just do not belive that it should be a harsh system.
what would you do without them?
you can't focus on the people around you.
so this is why i think computer are helpful but a waste of time.
imagine having a paper for college or an assignment at work due tommorrow, and you have messy handwriting.
obesity is not the only problem that is damaging their health, their eyes are being damaged also.
also they should be able to do this and not learn how to be offensive to others.
i personally like watching movies or reading books that are thrilling and have some violence in them.
saying that this is not a benifit is a lie.
this is a growing problem which must be put to end.
different websites with tons of information and true facts really affect grades of most students.
if you have a child who likes to run up the phone bill because they like to talk to their friends just tell them to use a computer!
have you ever heard of computer camps.
now you can use this technology as a tool not a game.
they could even be looking for a specific book and not be able to find it because it was taken off the shelf.
culture is really imporant for our world because is what we were before technologi exist of the world culture can be found in the internet or in our computers.
then you can take that book off the shelf and throw it away or whatever you want to do with that book.
you can create lots of things on computers like music, desiner , logos, banners and lots of other creative things.
for example, i knew someone who was a little big for his age, but people didn't like him and they always made fun of him.
well some people don't notice that they are losing the time to do that stuff due to using the computer.
computers also cutt off interacting time that families always and to have.
third, say your teacher or boss yelled at you today and no one has been nice to you all day and you forget your homework book or paperwork.
my father is not a rich man.
the internet is also faster for research than looking in a book and there are many games on the internet.
if not then i guess that child is out of luck.
who in the world would say a computer is useless.
well, i from personal experience, my social studies teacher always likes you to type your final draft.
finally, computers lack in interacting with friends.
it helps you at your hand movements.
computers have games for kids that help them learn, and, also, people learn new things, too.
the internet makes alot of peoples live easier.
playing games on your computer is a great hobbie, but you cant play all the time, you need to find other things to do to.
being one that reads a lot i know my family is pretty busy and would not be able to find time to ride with me to pick a book.
you want this to happen to our country?
the person controling it can relax in bace wile the does all the work now come and join me to say that computers are useful in this world!
letting censorship exist in our public libraries is simply wrong
this has become the addiction of the world.
dont let them feel left out or unloved.
i believe this because using computers helps with research, jobs, and staying in town with people.
cause any body says something is offense.in all they should not band one book.
for example, there's better communication with friends and family, you get instant news on any topic, and you get advanced education.
the fact is they need to have people watching the stuff so kids wont get in it and we can still lurean and find out new things.
dr. , a computer science expert, claims, ""the average computer costs .
most of these obese people don't exercise because they are glued to thier computer.
also, the economy isn't doing that great, so they couldn't stay in-touch until webcams come out.
thinking that nobody cares about them.
there are many books and movies that aren't appropriate for most young aged children.
the transiton needs to be made.
who is to blame?
librarians have the right to display the content of which they choose, but making them remove products that they feel are fine is ridiculous.
plenty of arguments are made from maybe somebody's own experience, observations, and/or reading.
besides, water is a must for agricultural purposes.
consiquently, banning computers would have a positive effect.
also, music is changing as the years go on and many people, especially elders, don't enjoy listening to this new style of music.
books removed from shelves?
people want to move forward but can we not make a compromise?
for your entertainment you could play games.
little did he know the roads were extremely icey.
here are some reasons why you would agree to removing somethings off the shelves like sex.
i believe that computers benefit society.
people have opinions; people disagree.
i say that the women don't respect themselves enough to cover up, but there are other opinions.
no need to worry, you can just type that paper up on the computer!
lastly is very easy for people, even to search inappropriate things.
people find something special in what they read that other people might not find.
not just one genre a person wants.
it would defeat the entire purpose of and it's .
is a website teenagers of kids go on to watch some of their favorite music videos.
also they should be able to censor movies again beacuse naughty things can be shown in those movies that certin age levels should not be able to see.
i hope you will consider my thoughts.
censorship in libraries are a touchy subject.
like all the trees, flowers, wild life animals too.
after that, my father bade goodbye to the principal and went away.
whether it's on email, instant messanger, or facebook, people can communicate with others all around the world.
first, computer are convient because you have the answer to any question just at the click of button.
this also revolves around addiction.
but not traveling by an over crowded bus.
my elder sister also attended school and i was admitted to the same school.
helps them with school, and taxes.
i also believe this because by taking a book off the shelf because you find it offensive, wouldn't you be offending the author?
maybe if parents would watch there kids they would mind better than what they do.
imagen that you become one of them.
one obvious reason for this evil is illiteracy, poverty and unemployment.
take music for example, there be explicit lyrics in songs but that doesn't make them terrible or make them worth taking off the shelf.
also search engines provide acess to thousands of information loaded pages.
i think the advances in technology is a good thing.
plus in todays world if everything was censored there would be nothing left not even church because everyone has there own opinion and there own belief.
this genre of music needs to be taken off the shelves.
is it surprising to you that almost everyone and anyplace that is famous is on the internet.
teens love to chat with friends and they're able to get to know each other better through the computer.
my favorite sport is baseball and i am pretty good.
wouldn't it be nice to walk into a library and be able to find any sort of book possible?
and using the computer fine tunes hand-eye coordination.
so you see a computer has a big affect on a person's life.
when i think of a computer, i think of typing or a keyboard.
imagine my joy and pride when i was able to row the boat and keep it on course.
first, people are not interacting with family and friends.
in conclusion, computers have its benefits to the social community.
after all who could pass up the opportunity to better prepare yourself for life?
i'm a big believer on the fact that if it happens, it is going to happen no matter precautions are taken.
some of my reasoning is very logical and if you were a reader i'm sure you want to read something thats true and very interesting.
the effects of computers on me are very good.
but if they go on the internet they could their friends and families and chat with them.
there so many different ways you can do it to.
the same goes for an offensive , magazine, or movie.
kids need to stop spending hours on facebook, , and .
also, computers can make people stop talking to each other verbally.
we develop good qualities.
on these websites kids as young as ten years old are chatting with friends and putting up pictures.
i am different and kind of an outcast.
commercials about condoms, and advertisements telling them to use drugs/.
the effects computers have on people are beneficial.
just sometimes we all do not think a like or like the same stuff.
other pass time could be running on a tredmill or jogging there dont have benefits.
this is why communication having a positive affect on people is the most important reason.
my final reason is because it teaches hand-eye coordination.
i also think computer benifits society because it could get student motivated in passing there test or passing the school year and getting the to use it.
in the evening, i play cricket in the park with my friends.
computers are the greatist advance in technology sence the wheel and they have helped so many people.
i don't agree that libraries shouldn't have these books on their shelves, i think they are good for us.
the third effect computers have on people are it gives you something to do.
dear news people, i am qriting to you because i have my own answer on what people should do with books.
have you ever had a time when you see something on the news that you want to learn more about?
over of 's powerplants are coal, petroleum, or natural gas based.
the first girl said. '
parents also don't want us to read anything in books that have foul language or anything to do with nudity.
this technology is taking away peoples freedom and will and they don' even notice it.
they would be the kind of people who uses the computer or a different electronic a lot.
they relax and entertain themselves in their own way.
if you have a school assignment in write a paper on someone famous, you can research them on the computer for a quick way to get information.
yes, computers have benefits such as talking to friends and family you don't see that often, doing school work, and gathering information.
i choose to visit the library in search for books i could use to gather more information.
in conclusion, to prevent all these catastrophies their has to be change.
if i was a parent i would be concerned myself.
almost everyone has some little issue with something in the world today, and because of that, original and unoffensive material are hard to come by.
i got an a+!
and theirs other aunts and uncles they go to english classes online and work.
says the missing child agency.
is something that our children should not be exposed to at such a young age.
i the looked it up on line and imediatly get the death toll, the aid that was being given, and ways i could help donate.
many people would not approve of having offensive materials in their library.
these are all the reasons that computers have a bad impact on the society.
more family time can be but i think you can make time for the computer and other things like family time and exercising.
finally you spend less and less time with you family.
this is the amazing experience you can get from going outside.
some people think that kind of thing is funny, but to others it bother them.
a computer can also make signs for a business or business cards.
any in- the- person would that computers are very useful.
or how would we ever get any reports done for work or home work?
it takes merely seconds to know anything you want or need to.
they are an important link between the government and the people.
'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the chelf.
plus act would be completely unconstitutional.
so many people rely on technology to get through there life.
if someone found them ''offensive'' i would have never got to hear how good they were.
not only that but advanced games such as of improve eyesight.
a study shows are't getting enough exercise, aren't spending enough time with fmaily, aren't enjoying their lives.
sometimes we will even video chat!
i would get the cooperation of all my staff members.
the bright computers screens are harmful to the delicate human eyes.
no characteristic dictates the other characteristics of another,so why should an item?
i also got a good hand-eye coordination .
if they know nothing about it they need to walk away or learn how to say no reguardless of how hard it might be.
she never spends time with her family or friends.
i know this might come as a shocker, but there are labels on the back of movies that tell whether it is , , @num1, or .
dear , i have heard that people are thinking of how computers are having a bad effect on people and i disagree.
computers help us to learn in school and outside of it.
as you can see, although there are some great pros to computers, there are also pretty big downfalls that you havn't thought of yet.
just think about it!
's time to step away from the computer and into real life before gets demolished by these effects computers cause.
i believe that if you hear or read something offensive they should stay for many reasons.
i think so and this is why i believe that computers are a more positive effect than a negative effect on people.
yes and no, some materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc, should be voted upon the citizens to be removed from shelves.
before my school closes for christmas vacations, i give gifts and cards to my friends and teachers.
magazines also have alot to do with why children are so 'street' smart these days.
most everyone has used, uses, or will use a library in their life.
my first reason being socialization.
they keep them on the computer, they'd need a huge filing cabinet.
but taking these books off the shelves means no one will see them.
i was once able to send my friend an email about getting the homework faster than writing him a letter.
these are only a few of the reasons why computers do good in our society.
we can't shelter our children forever and sooner or latter they will learn things we wish they didn't.
most of my friends do it with me.
next, computers teach hand eye ncordination.
your family comes back talks about all the fun they had, even tho you weren't there.
however, they need a time limit to be on the computer and limited time for eating right and exercising.
you can set up an email or a chatting account to talk with friends and family.
books are needed for research.
and i will know about computers and man what to do.
some say that computers are causing people to spend less time enjoying nature.
i would not like any books removed from libraries.
but about of kids can stil be on the computer than go and get exersize.
dear editor i agree that people do spend to much time on their computers.
most people who spend too much time on the computer don't get the chance to make memories like that.
as soon as the recess bell goes, the calm of the school is broken.
my second reason why our public library should get rid of any kind of swimsuit magazines like and/or magazines.
the results were more than shocking with all of this in mind, ask your self how useful the computer really is.
so if you run into a book or some music you dont like just ignore it, dont read it or listen to it.
once your power goes out you have noting to do because you got fired all because of you computer.
staying on the computer does not help the situation.
you stay inside all day every day, the computer will be so addicting it will take over you and make it more important.
it is very dangerous.
books and other material were meant for us to enjoy them and from the authors or directores choice to share with us thier stories.
a lot of people say computers keep kids inside don't know that their are ways to prevent this.
a car was coming at a very high speed.
we can see things we would be seeing we were present at the place, but instead on a monitor in your home.
there are sites to find where to go camping and have that family vacation you have always wanted.
think of it this way baseball players and so on can get about to a year, isn't that what you want to be millionaires?
i do not believe computers benefit society.
there are millions of magazines all aound the world, they are one thing that will never leave this world.
dear local newspaper, i was reading this article about computers.
being able to a skill it helps your mind to.
computers are a good thing to have around, 't you think?
they say that the cons outweigh the pros.
world is far from perfect and it's not going to become perfect by censoring libraries.
many news channels have their own websites and update what happened on their show.
if we can get people out of the office this could even push them towards nature.
many people think that computers are bad for our mind, but actually they're not.
you can email each other or search thru up online, to try to get in contact with them.
lastly, i'd just like to talk about how computers can benefit adults specifically.
obeasity has becomea big concern it is the main cause of head problems.
so many people want to include their opinions on what is right and what is wrong.
you just started the story and it is due tomorrow.
if famillies can minimize the amounts of computer-drawn activities, then i think parents all over the world can modify themselves about their childrens health.
many people have a twitter, facebook , myspce, etc.
in example use for projects.
this shows that even large important still use it for work.
being out helping the town is way better than sitting in your house on the computer!
the cost effectiveness computers because instead paying phone bills and tutors your children and cellphone bills, you can just talk through e-mail and potentially save !
i also believe if we had a time limit on computers it is more a push to be social and go out and do things.
another reason is that you can have more time being around family and friends.
one more reason is communication.
hockey is my favorite game.
so, why waste money flying to see someone to deliver a simple message when you can deliver it personally in almost less than seconds?
first, our country needs to exercise more, and not just sit around, second, we aren't spending enough time caring for our environment.
for example, you might love the computer but that love should not over power your time you spent with your family!
so whether you enjoy chilling and watching video, playing games or reading up on the news you will always find a way to have fun online!
you would be ignorant to think they would go out to play.
travel the world and rember every part of it.
websites like , mysapce, or twitter have your information, and with a click of a button, it can be exposed to the world.
i think that you shouln't take things out of the library that can help a student learn.
people don't have that right to take away from children.
computers are turning this nation into a bunch of mindless slothes.
stated , a expert from university of . ""
why kids are acting the way they are.
so, by behaving well, we can win the hearts of everyone.
also, the internet is helpful for work.
a can cost anywhere from to even that is a ton money.
but technology believe that computer have a positive effect on people.
now is why do people want to stay inside all day long on the computer some people are constantly on their social websites.
instead of going out to interact with your friends many are just instant messaging them.
another words the"", your love"" "" your on you?""
becuse if they are trying to block them form kids to see they are really dumb to do that.
finally, people have less time to interact with family and friends.
instead of reading books about him, you can type in his name, and theres your information.
most of the time they aren't listening to the words, but just like the beat of the song.
over the computer.
but kids aren't the only people that use chat rooms.
going outside and getting fresh air.
which is why i try getting cut more to a gymnastics teacher who can physically help and interact with how i'm doing.
people are ignoring their health and instead staying on the computer.
i think that computers have effects on the society in a good way because people can find of the latest updates on the weather, society and country's.
people are starting to see no point in going out and doing things because there are ""more important things"" to do on the computer.
in a big town or city, there are many post offices and their branches.
second reason is computers make you smarter.
computer games distract from kids learning.
it's not like we don't know what the words mean.
i also think the computers are helpful by talking to friends or family.
and computers are good because if you wanna travel to different places you can go onto the computer and look for a map and print it out.
get off that computer it is .
remember the first book you ever read by yourself?
everyone wants to live like there dying or in other words live life to the fullest!
that last important thing that you need to know about computers is that they teach you hand-eye cordination.
litter kids would be like use to interact with some friends.
another reason is that people will not do school work if their to concentrated on the computer.
those people think that should comee to the reality.
spending more time, online in chat rooms causes people to meet preditors.
this is another nacessity for basic needs!!!!
school one of many students least favorite activities, yet you can use the internet to help you out, !
the internet is a major part in having computers.
it is that easy.
i could never turn down an opportunity to talk to a distant cousin, or another kid from a different country.
they are not so tasty and palatable as mangoes in our country.
second reason why computers provide a good education is computers help you do your homework.
camp out on the weekend place to become closer with your family and friends.
because in the computer you can sign in internet and you go to google or other web side.
if you are working on a project that requires pictures, can have the photos you need.
we should have the right to read, listen, and watch what we enjoy, but younger children or other age groups should be monitored.
lastly, computers helps you communicate with others.
it can be found nearly anywhere.
finally, you spend less time excercising and doing great opportunities for your self.
there are three reasons why they should have censorship.
we all know that computers can be a good and bad thing.
i believe we should still use computers.
now there is two things gone from the shelve, but you actually liked what they took off the shelve and your upset that they took that off.
drugs make people do things that their right mind don't want them to do.
these games also make you more intelligent.
it varies through the people and what type of material they would like to read.
computers impact humans in a harmful manner because people are spending too much their quality time on their computers which additionally leads to less time spent doing exercise.
in conclusion, i believe that computer have a posieve effect on people.
computers in the long run are magnificent machines that makes life a lot easier and fun in acquiring knowledge.
so the internet is giving you a great opportunity to learn more about or earth, other than your back yard.
for example, have you ever gotten something new and just can't wait to show your friends?
like haveing the young adalt section and the adalt and children section.
loves staying in touch with her families through computers.
computers do teach hand-eye cordination, let you talk to friends and family, and give you the chance to learn about faraway places and people.
what if you need to rent a car but you cant go over to the store or airport.
nothing with a negative affect on a person should be viewed by an innocent child.
jane lives miles away from her town library.
in our school yesterday on ""quiz.com.""
on television there is always commercials that will attract kids or teens and influence them to but their stuff.
i also have had a few bad reading experiences.
there is alot going on in socaty now a days that badly influnce children.
well, i strongly disagree with that statement.
peoples with computers shouldn't be all day like these friend my friend haves is using his computer everytime he comes from school.
this also gives people the chance to socialize with people from all over the world.
computers are even good learning about things you've never even heard of.
a-lot of people are saying that computers have bad effects on people, like not getting enough exercise and spending time with your family.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effect of computers are that, it depends on how much you use the computer.
for one your eyes will begin to hurt.
so at the end i think that books and other items in a library sould not be censored or taken off the shelfs.
once society is relieved of all literature, the next step will be music.
another thing you can do is watch movies online when you are on a plane going to the vacation, because that's what i do with my laptop.
if people were to go and start doing things besides the computer they will live a happier, healthier, and better life.
now these are the reasons why i think so.
people spend to much time on their computers and less time exercising.
things like this still go on, and the rate at which they happen are in creasing.
recently, i joined facebook and i now can talk to people i haven't seen in years who moved away i was born.
they supply online chat, and are very convient.
these hackers break the security codes and buy things online using other peoples money.
even my dad had is credit card account stolen last year.
the municipality had been caught napping.
also it helps you with your hands by making you learn how to catch stuff and how to react quickly with your hands.
some students rush down the stairs pushing each other to reach the canteen first.
adventure games, shooting games multiple player games, and more!
well do you think that every book you read, every movie you watch, and all music you listen to is offensive.
so next time you have to research something try reaching for the keyboard of the bookshelf!
magazines should stay at the grocery store rather then a library that i take my child to.
my last reason is, communicating with others is a great skill to have so you can talk in person.
this profession is for those who have the perception to resolve the problem of any situation.
if freedom of speech is limited, what other freedoms will also be limited with the years to come?
i hope it all makes sense about how i feel and how i think about things.
the internet is not the only distraction on a .
dear local newspaper, i am here to tell you the negative effect on people because of computer usage.
i know some people who do that like its not cool if company comes over get off the computer.
it was refreshing to go out in the cool air.
so, when i can see or talk to my friends i go myspace or facebook or msn to talk and send messages to my friends.
well to be honest i'm not a big reader.
on a computer you can ""talk"" to friends, but it is not like you are actually talking to them.
from sitting on your while on the every day you any calories or fat when you eat all your doing is gaining weight.
if someone dosen't want to be bothered then don't bother them that has to do with privacy.
what im geting at is it is good to go on the computer somtimes but it can be very unhealthy to sit infront of it.
this is my second reason.
in conclusion yes we have had a lot of offending stuff said to us but you cant let it get you down so much you have to move on.
for an example the didn't like the .
on avrage a family who used less computers saved than a spends more time on thier computer. ""
the computer can be used in many ways.
secondly, might be argueing with a friend.
i believe that computers benefit society.
i do not think that is right. '
another reason for censorship is to protect children from unwanted material, which is very understandable.
computers have brought us a long way!
what do you do when you have no book for a specific subject?
eighty eight percent of voted that the most important thing in their life was their family and friends.
i have cheerleading everyday after school until .
librairies have all different kinds of materiel stacked upon shelves.
even if you were a construction worker you could your blue prints with pinpoint accuracy.
every area can organise a special play-group and other children should accept their disabled friends and play with them.
to start my essay, i feel that people want begetting enough excersize.
sent over the , faster than any service.
but the technology of the day give us the ability to listen to music the golden age of music now.
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you because computers are affecting humans in many ways.
he mixes mortar and lay bricks to build houses, he plasterers the walls and roofs with cement.
when i type something, i use abreveations for any word.
they do have any time for friends family, pets, and scuh more.
but that doesn't mean you need to be on it all day and night.
kids these day need to learn more about other cultures.
i also saw their coins and other articles.
some books should not be on the shelves in libraries.
once one has booked reservations to a certain travel spot on thier computer, they will learn much about the unfamiliar land they have went to.
can you smell the fresh air it flies around?
whether if we're offend by it or not.
you could also play board games, hide and seek, etc.
dear, local newspaper, of the people would agree that computers are useful and by having them they help ability to learn about faw away place.
how about go on the computer!
for example, for the use of your fast writting you can get a good job/career and can have a future in your life.
the internet is a wonder place where you can look up information for a school project and learn about different topics.
scary movies are not real and some books too.
i really wouldn't want anyone else to lose contact with a family member or lose a friend because of the internet.
it isn't about trying to censor every little thing that be offensive to some people.
dear , , experts have been concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers, which is harmful to their health.
computers also teach hand-eye coordination.
my mom always says, "" your room or going to give your stuff to people in need.""
dear , 's the dillemant that people are supporting computer technology and others are not.
firstly, computers teach you hand-eye coordination.
we don't need to take any books out of the libraries?
these dangers effect every user and their families.
they are the ones who should tell teach them right from wrong.
my second reason is because they dont parents.
we are sharing household work and always considering for the needs and comforts of each other.
we all want the world to be a better place so stop destroying it for our own benefits!
gandhi did not like it.
it benefits society, and i enjoy every bit of using it.
they are unbenificial to our society.
the is one of the coubtries with the most overweight people.
the reason we now have shows on about people with weight and health problems can relate very much so back to the negative effect on people.
as to think that wasn't ignorant enough they also rip them in half and do many other dismantling things to them.
coming to a point about fresh air of people who use computers at home are more likely telecom sick than people who doesnt leave you set seem for sometimes.
clearly, the computer occupies the time of kids who can't go outside.
rather it be on a computer, on a ipod, or even on a cell phone, there should be a sound limit right?
there are certain things in life that you cannot control, and being insulted or offended is one of them.
the computer is also excellent for elderly people are in weel chairs and can't take too much .
those are some of the major advances caused by the computer.
usually, this game requires very tall players.
if we want to learn about something we should be able to.
if you want to see a friend for her but dont have the money to fly halfway around the world to see her you can vidieo chat with her.
there should be sections, children, teens, and adults.
literature would have an immediate downfall if books were censored.
they still exist and are becoming more and more popular among movies.
i had nothing on my mind except computer, my mom got mad at me and yelled at me to get away from it, but i didn't.
technology, such as computers are very big.
most people dont know what it does to them but time they get unhealthier and weaker.
yes, the wonderful world of technology.
this could also have an impact on the censorship in libraries.
one example is .
is someone a trip to a country that they might go on the computer to learn more about that country and their culture.
there nothing to loose.
it has made it simpler to type reports.
i mean i kind of understand about the magazines becouse somethimes there can be pretty bad.
they could have a decrease in sales which would cause a decrease in money as well.
after all, the children are the future of our world
some use computers for other things then to some times just waste time.
you could bring them anywhere you would like.
i barly had any nightmares because i was never exposed to that kind of writing when i was a child.
these are just a few points why computers are very importent, that you should include in your article.
one example on why this sort of aspect on whether or not inappropriate material should be removed are the comic books called ' tales' or ' the '.
the library should absolutely take the book off the shelf if it is found offensive by someone.
the majority of students today crowd around a computer while they can be taking care of their body.
although the invention of chat online was meant as quick easy communication it became a horror crime in most cases.
even if you ate right, the never excersising part woudl kill you.
now you understand the computer is a helpful learning tests.
in school students are observed to see how well or if there coordination is being developed.
of teenagers are involved with cyber bullying.
now you know why being on the computer far along time can be bad.
now a days, people are even loosing human interaction from these marvelous toys.
what are you going to do, you don't have time to go to the library.
next, you could go a bit more old fashioned and just write an e-mail.
computers, give exercise in a way it makes your fingers move faster.
power points can help them put alot of information on the screen and it helps the students learn, which is a positive effect.
i think it should be up to the reader, if they can handle a book or not.
the stated that ""a near students learn something new from a computer that they did not already know.""
computers have changed our lives for the better, and we should appreciate all the do for us.
they even have webcams so you can see each other.
this can also affect the way people lively.
i think this because it teaches you skills and updates you on info.
so thats one reason.
i eat my snack with my friends and play games with them.
not being able to see a real relationship.
over the i had gone to my .
i know worried.
computers allow you to connect with people who live faraway without having to travel to them.
so why do we need to be more carefull for what we put in libaries?
so you would need a nice pleasant holetitle which will have awsome food, beds, pools and more thing people like to do when they is on vaction.
overtime, you begin to gain weight by spending more time using the computer and less time working out and staying fit.
and besides, is perfectly fine, to go online to talk to your friends once in a while, isn't it?
teens got to talk to each other, make new friends, and post what they want.
they can provide us with emotional release from the everyday world.
the books were created to provide people, kids especially, with facts that no one else could share and it could help with expanding their vocabulary and knowledge.
you need to be healthy and most of all active.
supply and demand.
if you were to walk into any store these days you would find something that you would not want your children to watch, see, or listen to.
its really not that neccasary to be place in a library because its a place known for peace and quite and relaxation.
kids pay attention to detail really well and something so negative could change the mindset of the child.
there one of the greatest inventions.with computers you can listen to music or watch , research things for your projects, or just have a good time.
plus, we use computers to learn about places we might want to travel to, or have a conversation with frinds or family living ways away tromus.
computers can be good, but not for everything in your life.
i also think that with a appropiate dosage it could help your body.
dear , you think computer have a positive or negative affect on people?
computers do have many effects on people.
of all that i have observed, i have found similar things as my experiences.
if someone else wanted to listen to , or have their childen listen to , then was their own personal choice.
we can do any activities with our family, exercise for our health, go picnic with friends or we have fun go on vacation with the whole family.
i couldnt help but laugh, because i knew thats why she truly wanted to go to the library.
you have online in real life toy call in love.
books are usually good things, although they can be very bad.
i use to search it all the time and i made a poster project for fun.
through text or videos online communication is a great help i my life, and the lives of my peers.
any where you go i garentee you will see a pragnant teen.
they make it so ther is the ability to communicate with friends alow you to take out anger.
what is the difference between learning about them now and learning about them as a adult?
the problem was i forgot what it was!
keeping in touch with families is simplified also because in just one e-mail you can catch with all your family members!
statement was from .
computors provide entertainment, a way to interact with people, and a nearly endless expand of knowledge.
furthermore, scientists suspect humans are now a major cause of global warming.
i know when ever i'm at my computer my instant messanger is always open.
that is just to long to be on one website.
when you are typing on the computer your eyes are on the screen while your hands are typing and strengthening at an incredible rate!
people aren't getting a full social experience when they talk on email, facebook and twitter.
they give the news to the whole world.
another reason computers are bad is because of health issues.
he also says some of the people who became depressed start thinking of suicide.
the libraries i go to always have sections seperating the different age groups.
therefore, there is less communication in families, a loss of excersise, and health concerns caused by the computers.
this would help the public.
computers take time to find into than a book.
i hardly ever see people playing outside anymore because apparently computers are far more entertaining then being with your friends and family.
when i was younger it was required to know other people out side of your race or religion beucase not just your race or religon is in this world.
have you ever about what looks like or what would be found on it?
computers affect all of these areas of our lives.
the issue to grapple with is, more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
trees are very important to us.
people shouldn't be sheltered by society and only know what is wanted for them to know.
they also help things go faster.
first, there are so many different people in the world.
what would you do if your parents hid a book or something else from you?
the internet has imformation on anything and every thing.
computers are also good for planing vactions.
technology i needed in everyone's life they realize this or not.
the reason why i think this is, because i have a baby girl who i don't want to see that kind of stuff.
of the recently took a survey at the , agree computers are the main source of hand eye coordination.
censorship is acceptable in some circumstances but what is censored should not be decided by the government.
my favorite part about the computer are applications like , , , and so many more.
she always comes in and ""your on that thing to much you your hands!""
computers teach you hand-eye coordination.
every human being will have a problem some how and that is just what life is.
computers are a great way to explore.
now lot of.
movies are the same way, they have ratings.
it is just like the book , where is watching, and that we are only based on what we are allowed to read, and even think.
is well-spoken, he makes a very important point.
the is like all people go online, facebook, youtube, games, and google.
also people in business and industry have phones with internet built in because they can just look something up at anytime.
most librarys have a childrens section where you can trust that there isn't anything offensive in it.
what you can even do is you can talk to your friends, listen to music, and do homework.
to the newspaper, computers are obviously needed in society.
i can understand why some people want to remove some movies or books from the libraries.
did you know that anybody can view your profile which contains personal info?
problem solvely and someone on the internet.
in a poll taken at , of the students say that computers hel htem with their academic career.
after reading the book i always wondered why they called her she.
we're able to get hand-eye coordination, and stay organized when can be a trouble to do can bring people together when they aren't in person.
dear editor of the , i heard you are writing a section in your newspaper about computers and i just thought i would voice my opinion.
we won't ever all agree on what is offensive but if we use are common sense the problem be solved
using the internet doesn't need to be for work only.
so think about the decision you are making and will benefit our society or make our society to its knees.
adults are affected just as much and just as easily.
most people have different taste in books, magazines or movies.
these are all great ways of using the computer.
when many people are on the web they tend not to excersise as much.
no author writes something and says, 'i hope no one picks this off of the shelf!'
such as a homework question or just to talk for fun.
this is whycomputers are important to everyday life.
with nothing but the tap of a finger, we can communicate with people worldwide, or sea the web for some knew information.
so keeping them in shelves could help our future.
communication with people around the world is a huge advantage.
phone companies would be in money and regular families would be living on the streets.
out of those students, will be on sites such as a.i.m.
in my own experiences, i've needed pictures on school projects.
some school assignments require you getting a little offended exspecially if your african american and you get an assignment on slavery or something during that time.
the up side to doing that is the library would get mor customers and that means the government would make more money
for children who are old enough to use / work a computer, they' be inside on that nice day.
internet allows citizens to research places they would like to visit and buy transportation to their destination.
you can find information fast.
you can talk to people with ease with an computer availible.
millions of spend countless hours with their eyes glued to ', and monitor screens.
they allow people to talk to friends and family by email, , and by webcam.
last but most importantly, people are so caught up with technology, they barely spend time with freinds and family.
then you shouldn't take it away.
i stronly agree with the experts people are spending way to much time on there cumputers.
i left her a voicemail and called her house phone instead, the same thing bad happened.
due to all the diffrent races sees every single day, sometimes we be doing our best to accept their diffrent cultural backrounds in our modern day society.
one reason that i say this is because, a computer is a big handy person in reality.
when gets home from work he usually goes straight to the computer instead of having a conversation with the rest of the family.
they can entertain you because there is games that you can play.
it all right there, together.
these stories have a large role in history.
but all i am trying to say is yes there is some bad things out there an their is alot of good things to.
there are a lot of people on computers that don't belong there, and are trying to hack onto your computer.
some of us might prefer to stay at home.
without a doubt, spending too much time on computers will rott your brain and make you lazy.
sometimes you just want to talk to old time friends you haven't seen in a while.
you say "", but there are also online social networks.""
i felt very alone and stupid.
computers give us the ability to look up facts about forein places and people in a matter of minutes.
why would you read a book that you know you're not going to like?
something that you take as offensive be something that inspires and encourages someone else.
people like you that work in a office need information about a place that a disaster happened.
first of all, the people worshipped the goddess in the kali temple.
let more than just a few people deciede on behalf of the book.
i believe censorship should be used in libraries to a certain extent.
place because you can chat to people that you dont even know.
i was born in a hotel kitchen.
when computer time starts to eat up time, it also cuts of communication, something extremeley important in graving children.
in a world of social networking and 'screens' of all types, the importance of reading has been diminished.
the people need the computer for appicatetionfor job an the owner be wanting to get a card .that is uncause for in some term.
some of those books people are taking off the shelves could be the book someone can use to relate to or even learn from.
they say "", let my check my email.
and i was raised on a type of faith that i know alot about.
it helps people to learn about others and information about them.
but when computers and internet cameout, people sould play games, watch videos, and talk to cousins or family who live far away.
dear sir, i belive that computers are great for society.
when you interact will family you get to know them better and that is priceless.
like playing tag or hiding go seek isn't that more fun than playing an addicting game on the computer screen?
finds out a new website there going to tell there friends and there going to pass it on and on.
there will always be people trying to smuggle and hide some things, so we will never be able to get rid of it completly.
computer are really beneficial to busy people.
man has invented his god and prayer to get psychic energy when he is in despair.
whilst regular colleges could cost around thousands of dollars in order to get in, online colleges are much rather cheap, affordable to anyone.
please take side and think that computers have a positive effects on human society.
for many students, they need computers to help them understand their subjects.
the they want to.
directores try to make the best movie possible, so its almost like they try to put just enough of one thing to keep the audience into the movie.
children shouldnt be exposed to things that might brain wash them.
you can research information, commmunicate with people, and use it as news resource.
because of site like these.
if the philosophical books were to be taken off the shelves by the library officials, then the person who likes philosophy will not have anything to read.
that is where students can got their .e.d and have a succesful carreer.
those computers can help us with anything.
thes are all very important in.
on the library shelves it contains books, music, movies, and magazines.
when you type spellcheck corrects your mistakes so you don't learn and people miss stuff when on the computer.
i was shocked by this question for i didn't know how to respond.
that gives you a place to talk to others and even see what might be going on throughout the world.
but, there are people out there that did take atvantege of the computers.
also, at in , they limited computer use, and as a result of it, the sports teams there all got losing records.
i believe that the books with violence which helps to convey and important point which should not be missed should be displayed by school libraries.
kids around the country are being killed, raped, and bulled to computers.
instead of going to the gym or the soccer field with friends, they got to the computer and talk and eat junk food.
a nice sunny day, sitting outside under a tree and reading one of your favorite books.
many materials such as movies and music have negative ideas that teach children things they do not need to know or learn.
i think it'll be a good idea to have a time when the computers should be shut off one day or a week.
if everyone has the right to remove certain books that they find inappropriate, there not be anything left for people to read.
that are going on the .
lets go farther on.
i couldn't even imagire no documents and typing.
if you ask me, computres are great for people.
people should have a minimal amount of time of minutes each day and then get some exercise.
for example when children are searching for a good book they aren't looking for something boring, they're looking for something that catches their eye.
there's years and i've learned i can be on the computer for hours playing them and not realize it at all.
the use of computers is extremely eco friendly and like i said before is a great alternitive to our everyday wasteful use of paper and pencil.
thus, you can lose friends, whether you're the person in the picture or the addict who put the picture on.
you can chat with people typing.
so when you are sitting at the computer screen, remember all the possibilities you have other than the computer.
chatrooms, , email and other things can be harmful to you.
for example, my grandfather wanted to learn how to speak but he didn't have time to go to classes.
without the computer everyone would have to go to a library, but what if they didnt have the right information?
stop wasting your life people!
teens in say they use computers daily & say they have trouble communication with their parents.
hand eye cordination is good because it good.
you could easily step by step instructions on what to do using the computer, the possibilities are endless.
children learn by watching and observing.
when i was in the eighth grade i went to for a church missions trip.
if we hadnt had any computer then none of these dangers would be occuring.
it has a skin full of fur and a long tail.
the uses computers to save lives.
dear , i understand that there has been somethings going on with computers.
they also allow you to talk to people, even if they are far away.
not being on the computer could help small buisnesses too.
shows that of people talk to other people over those websites.
an examination is like a fever.
if the library took these books or movies out because a mother saw her son or daughter read or waching then it would be wrong.
finally, computers can save paper by replacing books.
in conclusion i'd say this would want to get up and get outside.
you can even get a college degree online if you wished.
computers are making this happen.
i am lucky to have mr. david as my next door neighbor.
they make money off that, that's when they start making seperate rooms.
that day i learned one important lesson.
""in this economy, people cannot afford to waste money they don't have,"" economist .
for instint, they can type and print their essays instead of having to write it on paper.
i now have to worry about what we check out.
we all have library cards which we carry to school every day.
an ideal teacher is never angry with his students.
let us make our own mistakes....
do you ever have a question but nobody has the answer to it?
the little stuff that gets under our skin and eats away at us.
i remember when i read about the year old girl on new channels.com and it was about bullied but never.
dolphins love to eat fish.
eating for hours each day to not a good idea.
making a hundred flyers by hand can take hours.
the words that my family considers offensive be different then what other families consider offensive.
can you imagine a world full of lifeless zombies obsessing over technology such as computers, television, and cellular phones?
however, just because a work is offensive does not mean that it is not worth reading.
theycan go to websites to find good safe jobs that makes good money.
you always see ad's for dating websites and other things like that.
imagine life without a computer what would you do?
to begin with discoverys in our nation have been advancing rapidly.
two, is over a million of us people out and we all are not a like in many ways.
do you have ant friends?
they should be excercising, and interacting with friends and family.
people use a , <@num1> of the time is to talk with people on the , whether is using video chat or e-mail.
not being physically active can lead to a) obesity ) cloged arteries or ) lazyness.
that is why i believe computers benefit society.
communication wih only your friends can cause you to miss out on things.
would you like to be on the computer and throw away your life.
when your doing your homework you can get distrated by the computer.
i believe this because computers cause people to be less active, most people would want to be at home on their computers then out side doing activities.
now i where and what the moutans look like.
computers are a large factor in obesity because they encourage to sit around instead of doing standard minutes a day of exercise.
over time you get bigger and your apperence change.
no one likes to be sitting infront of a computer for a few hours.
a computer can also hold pictures that you take on a digital camera.
twiter is good when you just want to say something quick like "" to "".
the author cannot filter through the entire book to remove offensive language, racial remarks, slurs, etc.
computers like or provide social networking like , i-chat, video chat and more so you can keep in touch with your family and friends.
he states. ""
if they had a computer, and playing games, or talking to friends, they would be like they are.
you would've known that if you signed up online.
the whole world is just corupted.
if you have dinner with friends and your late, with text you can send them a message and they should get it in no time at all.
also, having computers in the classroom helps so that teachers can get the info they need for an upcoming class.
we can also get it from activities!
this new system could contain information like reviews from crtics about the book, or what happend during the book.
another thing numerous peopel use a computer for is research and reports.
they have fried their brain from using the computer to much.
computers are also a part of my everyday life, because i have to use it to do research for school or typing up an paper.
does everyone you know live in one are?
this polluted air makes us fall ill.
it will be judged in many ways no matter what anyone has to say, so the problem should just be left alone.
a famous baseball player once said ""you don not have to be strong, but you have to be fit and athletic.""
in the brilliant novel, a man who lives in a distopian society discovers the lack of literature.
you could just sit down type in a few things, and get all the information you need, and more!
they supply sleepers for the railway line.
so do you think the advantages and disadvantages at the library are fair enough for everyone
yes a thesauris helpful but there are separate things.
if someone does not like the material, they are not forced to check it out of the library so why cause a fuss over it?
in the end we never know whats better till we try.
books are our best companions as we never feel alone in the company of books.
time consuming computers, are taking away family time from many family these days.
is how people work, and keeping the material on the selves is how the people are pleased or motivated
it really is magical.
education is very important even for adults and children.
even if you take out offensive materials there still going to get them sooner or later no matter what you do
the only way my family can keep in touch with them not spending money is email.
social skills are the difference between success and failure.
but, i still exercise daily.
are many different web sites to go on and talk to friends and family.
a lot of the at home jobs today require computers, and without the computers the job would not be getting done.
facebook, , , and skype all give their users the ability to make new friends, find long lost friends, and chat with friends.
or ichat allows you to instantely talk to anybody that you want.
you could also do reasearch on the planet itself.
people do this, its really dissappointing because you dont hang out as much as with your friends and family.
if someone doesnt like something they do have the choice of not looking at it.
its their business and they decide what materials stay and which ones go.
the computer dosn't know better.
my last reason why i think this is because 's really a person that you really love and need in your personal like.
you can also learn sports and games.
not everyone has a great sense of humor so things that some people find funny other people get offended by.
has there ever been a time where you needed number, but you couldn't find your telephone book?
they say they are getting important information, but in truth, they might just be getting false information and viruses.
all these dangerous risks as another negative effect computers have on people.
finally, you can find pleasure in computers.
say your bestfriend moved out of the country you could email them or instant message them through computers.
dear editor, i think that computers are a good thing to have in the house.
well the had to choose a side and the side that they have chosen that computer have a positive affect on people.
i also think that everyone has there right of an oppinion on why somthing should be, or not should be done.
in other words, people spend too much time on the computer.
communicating with others makes life easier and having fun while inspiring people everywhere makes computers have a total positive effect on people.
people who use the computer too much lose friends and became separated from their families.
it said yes, and then it showed me a of information about.
"for homework" said a teenager.
subjects like history, geography, and social sciences can be better learned through traveling.
secondly the world wide web is teaching people of all ages about places that are located thousands of miles away from their homes.
even in school kids use internet on their cell phones.
so there far i think computers are not the one's at, in this perdevment.
i am writing this letter to explain to you why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
you could pull up your browser and go on (a video site) and watch their wonderful variety of filling.
i believe with computers having a strong a positive affect on people.
libraries censor some material because of violence or inappropriate material.
the computer does this.
certain websites let you access tons of knowledge.
there are hundreds of stories in the world classics which tell us many immortal comradeships.
not only that but then you can learn alot more about the paces you want to visit.
computers help people do all kinds of things.
some material does seem to advanced for others but these materials are needed to advance academic gwroth.
so having it for a job is great.
maybe this will help you conclude that computers give a positive effect on society because of handeye coordination, information, and chatting.
take interest in their life and shower love unconditionally on them.
i agree with her; obisitty could bring you to the hospital and you don't want that.
but the worst is you will not live as long as you would if you were healthy.
if anyone violates the rules, and is not in uniform, or makes mischief, he gets punished.
nature provides us with fresh air through plants and trees.
these must be apprehended and taught some craft and made to work.
have your old teachers ever assigned you a pen pal in another state or country?
computers are a nice device to have and are by far, used daily by almost everyone.
i heard you were looking to see if computers have negitive or positive effects on society.
positive side music and movie has a way for some that comfort while having a good book at hand.
so, libraries need to keep the books that they have and get even more books.
the first time she said that to me i went to the computer to see how other people were having to me.
social networking sites like or allow with all your friends and other online games help you met new people that could be hundreds of miles away from you!
lastly, you can talk with other people using email, instant messaging, and websites like facebook, which allows you to connect with friends.
without the internet.
it creates objections due to differences in opinions and autors being completely and uterly offended.
people minds would not be wondering, learning or being kept excited.
lastly many humans are not as connected to nature and as involved as they used to be.
children get so caught up in a computer game, everything around them just disappears.
he can be seen riding a bicycle.
dear local newspaper, i strongly believe computers can be bad for society.
others are saying that, ""people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising.""
they can search inappropriate words ad pictures and no one would ever know.
all they worry about is winning the game.
they fill our minds with noble thoughts.
in our society, there should not be an image that our children should try and sustain.
lastly, you can even have fun, relax, and type out your papers for reports.
our community benefits from the computers that help connect with far away places, give hand-eye coordination and help work quickly and correctly.
you don't want that number to increase do you?
it does not look so beautiful.
this is what my family did on our vacation to and everything turned out perfectly all thanks to the computer and being able to do everything online.
computer, i think, are a big help in the world.
originally thought to spread ideas and faraway places, computers have been proven to do quick the contrary.
some people need computers and other advances in technology for their everyday life.
then you could probably hear about something that you (and your friends) have in common which be coming somewhere that's by where you live.
computers kept our relationship healthy and i do not think it would have been that way without them.
last and final reason is its fun and easy to use.
the only way they communicate is through online chat.
some people think the type of words used in a book make it bad, but to others that is what makes the book.
in the end, i beleive that computers are a waste, because they are addicting you become very unhealthy and they strive to damage your social enviornment.
now, more families only spend time with each other when they eat dinner together.
first, have you ever, notice that people get obiese so fast?
without computer this very test probaly would not exist so no sconclusion to much time on the computor, because theres more to do than one can doin lifetime
there are always passengers at the bus stops.
i am writing to prove them wrong, and state why computers benifit us.
as you get older, you dont talk to your friends that much and soon you don't have many friends at all.
if you had no computers there would be no point in buying a lot of electronic devices because a lot you need the computer for.
i remember my friend telling me about her new dog, i never even heard of.
if someone was on the computer too long instead of doing their homework that could effect their grades a lot.
then , who is an , picks up the same book and reads all about the and how they treated their slaves.
also, researching a topic on the computer is so much easier compared to going to the library and reading books.
gone are the days when girls used to hide behind the four walls of a house.
i believe this because computers can help people learn, stay intach with friends or family that live faraway, and stay orginized.
if a library had high censorship and everything was taken off the shelf what is the point of going to the library, it would be an empty room.
this is not due to the lack of funding or even the quality of teachers and staff.
but the main aternation is computer to old fashon books!
during this economic recestion it seems that finding a job is so hard, however the internet comes to the rescue yet again.
the ways of teaching this are typing, and clicking on something, people, when they type, look at the keyboard.
which could be very bad if you think about it.
making friends online is the unsafe thing to do on a computer.
because alot of books that do offend people are the one's that teach us about history.
dear , more and more people do use computers, but it is not a bad thing.
people think computers cost too much, but you find them for they almost any price range.
not only can we see who man the game, but it also has interactive business softwares as well.
instead, the child should talk to a parent about the censored item.
birds , scwerwels climing trees the thing, that surprised me the most was there was a house on top of the mountine.
they are websites on the computer.
i read that book when i was .
there are baby books, kids sections, teenage and adults sections as well.
computers are a help to the society, in a great and convienent way.
these programs can give anyone a jumpstart in education.
computers are a great way to use in communication.
i think that they need to realize that what they are allowing is discrimonation to the writer.
the time people spend on the computer is time they should be exersizing.
finnaly, computers help speed up production rates of cars household neccessitys, and many more objects.
after several hours of setting on a couch watching everybody else do it, they finally had him talked into it.
do you think computers are good and benefits society or is it bad a rot little kids brains to make their lives horrible for them to live with?
censoship is helpful, but vulgar things shouldn't be removed from society, and it never will.
while growing up.
computers are of many things for they you.
once you post those pictures they will always be there no matter if you even try to delete them.
and of people, are less to inconveniances, if they know the news.
there are many different things you can do to excersize and its fun for kids.
shopping online creates a positive, less hectic life for many people around the world.
i hope agree with my point of view.
rest is good also.
as i mentioned before computers are also pulling families further apart.
i have named her birdie.
this summer, i took swimming classes with my friends.
specially when all they talk about is suicide and one of my best friends has trouble with that because of her dad.
if a person were to watch an @caps2 movie or even unrated at a movie theater, that person would have to be years of age or older.
thiss guy sent a threat saying that something going to happen to him.
that is good in someway and bad on another way.
finally, i have explained to you why having a computer is a good thing.
it is said that more one million people and up use there computer more than once a day.
dear , have you ever found yourself thinking about the computer, or wishing you were on it?
the library is full of many books for all ages.
some might say that is unfair to that one group who does not agree with the content of a material.
those people could be on there for hours talking to people.
for example or facebook.
statistics also so that more than half of teenagers in the .s.a spend more than hours on a computers, some even hours!
well i'm someone who does because they can talk to there family and friends on sites like facebook, myspace, & aim.
therefore, books that be offensive are listed as such, but are still available to those who want to read them.
she was absent and didn't know about it.
but, many people who don't know any better fall for these traps.
another reason i think computers effect people in a bad way is because educationally computers can give false information.
they both do the same things.
for my conclusion all these reasons are true and computers are the greatest sources on the planet, everyone do you want education or not?
thin i you for taking so are time reading this.
if that wasn't a possible effect, then i don't know what is.
so why should we have censorship?
next, i believe that all sexual activity material should be removed from libraries.
also, its cheaper to buy a computer and go on the internet and look up foreign countries then acually going there.
the invention of computers is the single most important event of the .
in conclusion, i believe that computers are positive for three main reasons.
i mean everyone has the right to know about what is going on or what happened years and years ago.
that is why should have internet because you can still go online but have fun outside to.
first reason why computers are so critical in our culture is that computers let you surf online anywhere and anytime you want.
in reality, computers can help with exercising instead of decreasing it.
anything at all that you need is at the tips of your fingers, with a little help from your computer and internet of course.
in school children are required to read many different books in their english classes.
if kids go outside and play with their friends they will have more fun.
the books at the library are on a shelf and little kids grab them everyday so why cant they read them if there in their sight.
this is an example not unlike many other student's parents.
the was just think his dad was.
of teens have at least one sacial networking site they visit on a regular basis.""
a close family friend of ours just bought a computers.
magazines and movies today have a lot of inapropriate advertisements and pictures, but now that is what most people like and want to see.
so who is to say what offends people and what does not?
but they also provide an educational opportunity through research.
i think the point can go ether way because she says everyone has the same rights.
when libraries pull books, magazines, movies, and music off of their shelves it takes away that right.
the computers are children from a better education.
computers play a big part in everyones lives, no matter what age they are.
up, , , to school, get home, .
surf the real waves next the artificial ones dudes!
since i go to my local high school i think its nice to be able to find anything i need in my library at school.
so go and type that letter to a representative to help people see that computors are good for our society.
a house consists of roof, walls, doors, and windows.
do you ever time to chat with your friends or buisness partner about things.
some people find many books, movies, music, magazines, and even websites threatning.
i cant blame them they can charge their ipod, tweet, listen to music, palying games and much more all at the same time!
"", !
this has goting out of the hand and what ever is on the computer now will be on forever.
theese are just a couple of reason we should not take books, magazines, movies, and music away from us.
in the same way, some people use tiles and others use hay to thatch their roofs.
my uncle takes him for a walk every day.
its rude for it to be there.
if you were working on a homework assingment and you needed some help you can just go on the computor.
this is much faster than going in the library and spending an hour looking it up.
for example, when you learn how to type, you can memerize the keys.
he works till evening.
instead looking up what a book was about, just read it!
if the libraries don't have more than one copy of a book it will create a lot of prolums.
your grade will plummet down you stay on the computer and they trick you.
more over, people will enjoy nature on a desktop instead of in person.
when kids say it outta class rooms they get in trouble.
the technology takes very important time away from children and adults.
the magazines could have nude pictures of people and most parents do not want their children getting ahold of things like that.
i have also heard that people believe in the tecnology.
the same with movies.
but all things are good in moderation.
the number of obese people especially in children, increases each day.
computers are a hundred percent health for you.
so i believe that they shouldn't allow children to get access to those types of books.
the 's excuse for not having teachers teach to spell is that they should learn that from reading books everyday.
for break me and my dad used the internet to learn about we then decided to go there and bought tickets.
however, are you really gaining any social skills by doing this?
first of all computer's can bring a lot of obesity to the because it bring lazyness and it makes peole not went to exercise.
there is a banana plant also in my garden.
by online in chat rooms, bank, etc.
the researchers achieved this data by attaching electrolytes to the patient's brain both before and after using the computer.
now onto my secod reason.
some experts say they're concerned computers have a negative effect on people.
dear newspaper editor, with all due respect to anyone that thinks the computer doesn't benefit society, i strongly disagree.
i going to leave on one not would you pick computers or life?
i went to the doctors and he told me one of the likley causes was leaning foward togo on my laptop.
any time my friends and i have a question about anything anything that happened that day.
typing on the computer is a lot different from talking in person.
people have the right to chose what they want to buy, wheather its censored or not.
its all apart of life.
computers are horrible when it comes to this topic.
one example is, is that a guy came to our school to talk about his son.
the choice to read or watch this material is up to the person, and should have no influence on other humans opinions.
the truth is that a computer doesn't help you; in fact it hurts you.
computers are a fad that will never die out.
aquiring the neccisary information is comparable to finding a needle in a haystack.
go to the computer and have an infinite wideo library?
i took the idea of waiting this letter.
it is for but they don't keep in mind the fact over a million each year because .
these online games are good ways to sire you the opportunity to do something you wont normally do.
the matches are lit by parents to light fires or candles, but what happens when a natural disaster strikes like in or ?
yes, if we do not censor within certain limits, this could happen.
the first reason why computers are bad because cause addition to your child.
he also provides us with sugarcane, cabbage, cauliflower, beans and many other vegetables and grains.
you can reconnect with distant relatives and old friends.
i believe that libraries should have more cencorship.
people can make there own decision of what they want to listen, watch, or read.
but i am true to myself.
has shown that of teachers buy portable computers so they can see nature and get fresh-air while doing their job.
i believe that people spending to much time on computers can effect their health and the relationship they have with friends and family.
this will cause the to melt and then the sea will rise.
that was my three opinion on which why computers are good effect on the society and i think that computers are really good effect on the society.
without the internet, i probably wouldn't have been able to get on a on this.
they are also a great way to learn.
they seemed to be quite indifferent to me.
or maybe even wehn you're free you can go and make plans to visit with your family.
for an example, you're a college student writing a research paper on abuse--including sexual, physical, and mental.
they are obligated to suppy books, movies, etc.
so i went with my sister and we even visited are family members and the point i can tell you it looked exacly how.
people have to be strong enough to rise above all the negetivity and keep doing thier thing and keep believing in what they believe in.
that is why it is up to the head of the family to decide what to do about this crisis.
of kids are overweight and that is unhealthy.
he is a middle aged man.
and by hitting the key you want you are learning this.
if you give a person to coose from a computer or a set of encyelpedias, most people would choose the computer.
one day we will end up like the world in .
i use computers every day for two reasons for school, researching or writing a project for any of my classes.
the biggest problem is some people can't read.
one year i found out the my great grandmother died of cancer.
on social networking websites such as , , and so on. ''
also, if a family is thinking about going somewhere for a vacation, they can take care of most of the help on the computer.
lastly, computers are really significant to society because you are able to talk with other people online.
although there are other people who spend their time outside when it's nice.
therefore it is much easier to learn and under stand thing wich will help us in the future be successful.
its not using time wisely.
if i am late to come home, it waits for me on the roadside.
also helps us keep in contact with others.
excersize can help kids' self esteem, and get them back in shape.
everyone has the right to express themselves through art in their own way.
in fact he's on myspace so much that he has over friends and he doesn't even half of them he gives them his number and home address.
the internet isnt always a honest place.
we still have time for family, friends and any fun outdoor activity.
first all, think about the schools that the runs.
every once in a while i talk to my friend who now lives in !
some people homeschool their kids for that reason ,but do they think about when they go out in public what people say or do?
the workouts and activities helps you have more energy you never thought you'd have before.
i came to disagree computers make our lives so much easier.
there could be some stuff that people will think is offensive.
being on the computer all the time gives less time of exercising, no sight of enjoying nature, and gives less time of interacting with family and friends.
you can use websites like and e-mail to quickly comunicate with typing.
i agree that computers have a bad effect on people because they will spend less time exercising.
other opinions wont matter.
for one the helps us stay in contact with our friends that are far away without talking on the phone with them.
to tell you the truth more people aren't doing it and have found other ways to stay occupied.
thirdly, students can learn about distant places.
would you want to spend you money on some thing that did network?
for some people, it can re-unite family, by someone searching, i don't know, maybey their long-lost brother, or something.
if there wasn't computer's we couldn't our tests, we couldn't get information.
the coordination we aquire from the computer many jobs be out of reach, too.
this helps me connect with my family and is just another reason why we should have computors.
dear readers, i understand some people are concerned that people spend too much time on the computer and that it is bad.
sometimes he goes to the chapel or the village square to discuss the village matters.
with the help of internet i was able to see a far away place and experience the country as if i was there.
it also provides us with entertainment if we are interested in playing video games.
fore istance, people aren't getting nearly as much exercise as they need.
while too much computer is bad and people souldn't interact with internet.
mother touched my forehead and said i had temperature.
you can look up a question that has been buging you or you could learn to play a new song on your favorite instrement.
all authors write for a purpose, whether it be to teach, entertain, or persuade an audience.
not only is the computer dad for your healthy.
in this addiction many people can lose time with their family, time to exercise and enjoy nature.
they are very convient to have.
or the big dragon came from .
you could do stuff like play catch with the dogs walk the dog, and (or) play over a friends house.
but a lot of people use computers almost everyday.
you will have more time to exercise, talk to family and friends in person and to take part in different activities around the town.
computers help us everyday.
if you are addicted to other websites stop because you will crash you computer with one click of your mouse.
the second girl asked, confused. '
without the services of a postmen, life would be paralyzed to a great extent.
a doctor fights disease and death.
or maybe is in , but isn't a very popular sport in .
there are a few reasons for this.
the shelves of libraries will soon be empty if censorship continues.
you also wonder about the amount of exercise those people would have, and would they be able to interact with friends and family members.
i have to disagree.
all the time these kids spend on the computer is taking away from exercising and enjoying life as a child.
we use wikipedia for are projects and research a person.
everyone has a opinion, if a book is offensive to you it might not be offensive to someone else.
plus your fingers get a exercise when your typing.
i personally think that they have many things to offer everyone each helps us and understand things and subjects we couldn't understand before.
now, you just need certain information, and in those sources there are an unnumbered amount of lessons to learn.
in everyway we always miss wonderful things, and sometimes we loose it because of technology, you don't want that right?
if you want to talk to your friends, why not call them or more modernly, text them?
, you can just calm down and relax.
in a school survey, who used their computers for more than hours per day didn't know how to cook or how to even light a match!
here is another reason why the computer is great for society.
i actually enjoy family parties.
the truth is that there is a line that should not be crossed, and some books cross this line, and are banned.
the amount of time wasted on your computer could be the time you might be outside haveing fun.
we can also search any topic from a computer anywhere.
lastly, chatting sosme people think because you on the computer all day you can't interact with others, but you can.
every person can read about whatever topics they please, and those working at libraries should not have an influence on which books peole read.
on a different note, i think that childrens' books are a little bit different.
so a couple of weeks ago i talked to them about being active and how its not good to be on the computer alot.
so children shouldn't be able to have access to those types of movies.
a text a and football scout said ""every year their are less less people who play sports because of video game or computers.""
when websites like these are the focus on computer time, it is much more productive.
can one big negative out weigh a ton of positve?
like all the children books and magizenes should be in one section.
you are always thinking about just that and no other things in life.
the examples that i have to support this are that computers tech hand eye coordination, computers given people the ability to learn about far way place and peop.
they get easy money by begging.
they stay inside and don't get excersise, and kids might talk with strangers.
computers help people find a nice spot to travel.
research is the key to answering questions.
computers can really be bad with our education.
if you have a favorite book, movie, or song then would you want it to be gotten rid of based on someones opinion?
some families, such as an family, might get offended if their children are reading books that say things like 'nigger,' but that is our history.
this can lead to people doing crazy things that can be harmful to other lives around them.
so for now, i stand by the opinion that computers are great, and extremely useful to everyone.
there are many others!
computers can also help people communicate with each other.
you asked why you were not allowed the same answer was always givin, 'you're not old enough.'
i asked him, "" did you take that accounting job?
we could do tests on computers.
the internet makes everything we do on the computer possible.
for example computer allow people to communicate in seconds.
the internet is the obvious best reason for a faimly movie night.
you can print pictures and find information.
just learning how to work them is a new skill.
i personaly love to hunt and fish.
not the other parents that let their son/daughter only use the computer.
tnachologe is the grat
the dangers of online interaction, and the risk of having your information stolen.
"", many people wear glasses now more then ever.
so now you now where i stand on the issue of computers.
man does not live by bread alone.
please reread and pick the right !
so isn't it relatively obvious that advances in technology are a bad idea?
this helps the people writing the paper because writing takes many drafts to get the piece perfect; it is a pain to write each draft by hand.
i think all people should not have a computer.
computers have been around for many years now and everywere you go you usualy see one.
so, you wouldn't have to go that far to research.
well as in from my experience with books i can tell you somethings and sometimes that when i was feeling down how i grabed a book.
alot of don't make healthy food choices, so why not go out and exercise?
so now you see computers are a vital and useful of daily technology we have at reach.
i believe that people should enjoy nature more than computes.
it help me wacth the ball in computer and i do the same in the wreak.
those books and things is not very bad they actually help.
foreign communication, specifically by means of instant messaging can strengthen our tie with other nations, in the fields of both business and government.
this faster finish can lead to kids not staying up too late.
to continue, have you ever found yourself asking your kids on how to work the computer?
one of the greatest electronics invented.
also you can check the weather, and if going to an airport you can check the flight time or if it has been canceled or not.
pictures are also accessable on the web.
dear local newspaper, have you ever gone somewhere, taken pictures, and posted them on the computer?
last month my mom made a facebook.
even if your just looking to talk to someone you can easily do that on the internet.
libraries don't need to censor their books because some people might want books like that.
there are a variety of things to do rather than staying glued to the computer the whole day.
oh, and one last thing, too much time makes you less active.
without coumpotors we would have to it by hand wouldn't be neat it would be messy.
also saves paper which helps the planet.
as you can see there reasons why i am concerned about people spending time on the computer.
this results in sitting in front of a computer screen waiting for a responce.
sexual harrasment if extreamly can make people feel usually bad selfs.
libraries hold many books and movies such as fiction, nonfiction, historical, fantasy, and adventure.
this kept me very entertained.
but, you cant asociate that every year old is immature.
sounds great right?
many kids have learned about these other websites such as facebook, i tunes, youtube, and twitter.
how would we be any different if we did it.
is strickly important for our generations to be aware of the heartships, problems, and lessons in which these topics araised.
its a crying shame to see something so beautiful die, while most of us do nothing to help.
people can find what they like and stay away from what they do not like.
first, computers help you with school work.
just set good examples to help people not get those things that could be offensive
when something happens overseas the first way we found out about it is a computer.
i say this because people that have 's mostly have to type paper's.
i'll report myself again i'm not talking about the people that have to work in the computer.
they might be offended of what one person says but who cares, not everyone is going to think or agree of what is being said.
when you do get though, you get better quicker and more so it all works out very well.
you have a choice to read or watch something.
out of doctors agree that hand-eye very important for healthy living.
in conclusion, the reasons i feel this why are because people need to exercise more, and interact with family and friends.
social networks like allow your to keep your friends posted on what you are doing.
all sort of people can be seen at a bus stop.
in front of my house, there is a beautiful lawn.
people have never been so knowledgable.
people aren't getting enough exercise because they are always on the computer.
with sites like facebook, , , , and more we are talking to those people instantly!
one example is a teen pregnancy book.
some families find them useful the have more than one in the household.
i hope that you will too.
she will never know unless they meet us somewhere.
they might be some on want to get you in troble because of his or her family problems.
a market place.
from my own past experiences on this situation i know how wrong it is to take away someone's own privelage to enjoy types of literature.
computers shouldn't be distracting people, but instead helping them.
i am in grade at mystic middle school.
my first reason has to do with the knowledge that the computer possesses.
everyone does have a right to say their opinion and there is nothing wrong with giving informational facts in articles or movies either.
on the computer, you can never be sure who to believe, but with books you know what you're reading is accurate.
or, you can just have simple talk and are great websites to keep in touch with old friends of you, even make new friends.
she is somewhat hard of hearing.
ten minutes becomes one hour in a snap!
so here are my reasons why computers do not benifit our society.
for example, you can jump rope, go to the park, go swimming, play in the snow and many more.
just like math its not fun but you have to larn how to do it.
there are fifty varieties of roses in my garden.
they teach hand-eye coordination, allows us to communicate with others dozens of ways, and let students learn and stay up-dated from their very own home.
this tests and quizzes.
there were shops of bangles, ready-made garments, toys, and sweets.
people who aren't capable of relating to such a scene would only find it as inappropriate and try to remove it from another's reach.
we live in a generation where computers have become a necessity instead pleasure.
companies use computers for easy access to the public.
to censor the books held in a library is to chip away at human progress.
also, you can order anything in the world online.
do not take thing off the shelve just, because a couple of students can read or watch it.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
some people do read it and it is produced.
now, for one day you should track how many hours you are on the computer for your job.
there are also educational purposes for computers.
i can email, them and talk to them on social networks such as facebook.
finally, it would not matter to me if i got ten books or movies from the library i would not care.
in this game you make a character in a miderth planet while you battle m onster with other players.
and so your friends notice wonder.
everytime i go i stay in one paticular section for teens and look at magazines and books .
all it takes is good judgement.
our world shouldn't concist of bad things that will hurt the lives of others.
say if you were years old and when computers come out you bought one and went on it every day instead of being fit.
next spend less time enjoying nature, very important.
have you ever really seen nature's beauty?
dear , i'm writing this letter to you to tell you my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
but that book would not be nearly as good as it was with it being scensored or taken off the shelf for that matter.
emails don't recquire paper.
or i get an answer to a question.
then what is next?
what happens when someone decideds to find the offensive to their religion?
the advances in technology with computers benefits the society.
why waste your time on something when you've got what you need right at your fingertips?
when your lazy or becoming lazy you dont want to do anything, and without doing anything you can become overweight.
typing is a big part of your life.
my teacher always says, ""grades are the most imfortant thing.""
students have project after project assay after essay and its a lot of work.
this is very bad because it will affect your health and the rest of your life.
they help with school work, provide east communication, and provide safe educational activities, you can see, computers are a great addition to our world.
people who have posted the website could very well be crazy.
it is up to you to continue using computers.
now-a-days we do not come across a snake charmer so often in delhi.
if certain music also wasn't appropriate then music producers wouldn't let artists release that song out on a track.
i believe we shouldnt censor books that are found offensive in schools.
at our school we have edline which tells us all of our homework assignments.
its the parents that are the only ones who can control thier children, no one else.
even his meaningless chatter is a source of joy.
if you were an author, musician, or director, wouldn't you want your work to be seen and published as you had originally written it?
they help us research, socialize and they help our and economy.
my second reason is that computers let you talk to family or friends that live faraway.
while many people enjoy the use computers, there is really not that great a need for them.
you just have to know when enough is enough.
i don't think they should.
you'll always be inside, while your missing opportunities to meet new people, and build your social skillz.
these games usually are hard, but with my improving hand-eye coordination, i am learning how to play these games well.
they do & whatever time they have left they chat with friends.
the usage of both the screen and the keyboard allow us to look only at tha sceen while typing on the keyboard.
there i was, shuffling my way through the library, finding the perfect books to check out.
they should not be removed from the shelves.
would you like students/people to have internet and searches that can help them learn?
they are too busy with computers.
allowing us to communicate to one another without us leaving the safety of our homes.
you know that you want to!
i anly play with it on rainy days when i can't go outside and play.
what you can do is you can contact them over the computer (webcam).
if you are a shy person this can help you.
i carried a bag and went to school with my father.
trying any one of these harmful activites portrayed in certain library materials could put you and your health in severe danger.
magazine's are one of many ways that we get the latest gossip on the most interesting scandals.
you can go on the internet and find out how they live there.
do you look at your computer differently ?
plus you think your getting a cold and you have migrane.
computers are a wonderful tool when it comes to communication.
so read my reasons and by the end i hope i made my point.
instead of looking through your hard drive you be looking over the or looking at the tower in or finally even going to in !
but how do you get to your boss?
about of my class has computers.
how so you say, well you can got to a.i.m.
on the other hand, computers don't benefit your health.
some of the old books have alot of racism in them, and you actually read some of them in a school for a class.
efficiency means not speed.
i know that the factory uses computers in their factory due to the fact that i watche the show unwrapped about them on .
before computers you learned about things from books, and many of those books could not teach you as well as a computer does.
i'm sick and tired of people constantly sheltering their children from lifes normalcies.
people think that graphic images or words are going to change the outlook there younger child has on alot of topics.
i have a hard time understanding why they do that but i guess they feel they have nothing else better to do.
almost every family has one, some people even have more than .
without hand-eye, you could die.
they prevent acidents with which reduces people going to the hospital.
computers are used by many people to interact with another.
but anyways there alot of things to do on a computer.
computers have to technology to go online and chat with various people all around the world.
it have bad language in it and a bad theme to it.
it just can not be avoided.
if you have a job for working with computers or fixing computers, then you would spend a lot of time on your computer.
computers ease life, teach you about faraway places and people, and finaly you can chat with others.
she listened to the doctor and it took her about three months to get back to the fun she used to be.
i believe access to news, research, and staying in touch with your friends is without a doubt the best reasons to use a computer.
i also know people who use the computer the right way and they are very happy people.
in fact, the internet, which can only be acessed through a computer, offers the fastest way communication other than telephones!
one sybling need it for homework, while the other just wants to talk to her friends on and each believes they deserves the computer.
all of these clothes and designer stuff is everything we want, but half of us don't have the money.
-and quiker to- in my school we use our computers for learning purposes, and they help us very much.
another thing is kids websites like webking which you need to pay for you also need to pay for internet and the electricity bill.
a visit to a zoo is an interesting experience.
now we have violence.
think arguments are people find ability in talk online with other people and help with school work.
in conclusion, computers are wonderful machines.
so take my advive and try it because sometimes what your'e looking for can be right in your library.
this benefits us because we're learning something and growing out our knowledge.
also, i stay in touch with my dad, who works in .
however those that aren't disciplined might use them more than they need to and that isn't good.
people find most movies offending but neither are movies made up of how people feel about it.
being able to see the person at your convinience to talk without having to leave you house is a very good thing to have.
that means they are becoming more dependant on tecnologie.
i do believe that if it's a book you not suppose to get, if it's not for age group, don't get it.
these reasons support me in saying computers haven't really benefited society.
finally, we are able to talk online with people that just be across town or across the ocean.
furthermore, if i needed is contact friends, i just them, rather than speaking in person,.
i type all my books proper handwriting.""
for example, last i went to tennis with mom and shes never on the computer.
computers, in my opinion, they'are one of the best things created.
contact with otehrs around the is now easier than ever.
almost of parents feel that same way.
firstly, most buinesses need computers to keep the buisnesses up and running.
a lot of computers are connected to the interact where you can find anything!
it could even be said that expression such as this is theraputic for these specific individuals.
that is why will need technology.
i think what you should do its not get rid off computers.
families should start to spend more time together instead of hanging out in front of a screen.
set in the drawing-room.
you can talk to relatives in far away places but to travel with this.
we have phones that can easily allow us to browse the web as we please just like a computer.
did you know that over of kids and teens are obese computers can contribute to this statistic.
well the computer is a great source for learning about these places.
computers help people with their job.
i have many friends who would rather be on facebook or myspace than hang out with me.
it's good and you can get things done the.
friends aren't always dependable so you really don't need them around only a selected few, but thats not the point.
dear local newspaper, opinion is yes people are on the computer to much.
so did you start to agree with why people should get active outside and have fun.
""the biggest reason why people dont exercise, "" says health proffessor , ""is because they just don't have time.""
and with that, i conclude this letter by letting you know that computers are great for people!
everybody is different and have their own opinion about what they think is right.
well having thing such as facebook and or you can make new friend around the town or even other .
traveling is also a good way to get outside.
computers aren't that great.
people who are spending too much time on their computer will most likely spend less time exercisizing enjoying nature, and interaction with their family member and friends.
for example, ordering clothes and toys, but most popular is doing your taxes online.
i picture it as a better place.
people need computers to get updated on important issues, contact others and learn new information.
bad people are out there, and one might hack into your computer and ruin your day.
we need to set boundries for what kids should and shouldn't be able to do.
all of which are filled with numberous books, magazines, music, movies, ect.
these are only three of the many reasons i think computers benifit our soceity.
computers are really helpful.
obviously, nature is ignored by society because of computers.
it's hard to find that kind of music without cuss words or sexual inuendo.
they are looking for new ways to help the world be as green as possible.
you can also to see a love one that you miss.
i believe that computers can ruin your life, and make you go blind.
he grows different types of crops for us.
your mom can't drive you to the library and you have no information on the subject.
it is a country in that no one really knows much about.
kids who have parents that do not censor what they choose to get at the library might have differnt interests.
this game has made a great improvement on people's lives.
its quite easy people to talk with others from anywhere without having to actually see them.
people are spending more time on computers and less than exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
do it to learn it, sit at a computer website to hire someone!
if you happen to come across an offensive book in the childrens section, then do not let your child check that out.
a computer can help you find directions to almost plan on earth.
but you can't because your on the computer, she would be furious at you.
after looking at the screen for so long your eyes will begin to feel the affects of the lights.
movies and books can easily be censored.
if you really wanted to something and you were really curios you could search on !
when on the computer i really dont enjoy myself by just sitting there on the internet.
thats one of my reasons why i think people spend to much time on it my other reason is your eyesit can go bad.
all of my observations seem to point to supporting the revocation of 'banned books'.
sometimes we wonder where our long lost friends and relatives have gone and how they are.
man can't know everything.
nowadays with all the great advances in technology, peoples are always glued to computer screens.
well computers benefit our life.
, in my opinion, the effects of computers are not good.
computers also let people do things that they can't do with out computers.
online communicating is also good for chatting with schoolmates if you forgot the homework or need help with homework.
if one becomes good with hand eye cordination and typeing they will be able to get a job writing for a newspaper or a book.
in my opinion no i do not think certian materials should be banned becuase they have a more mature content than others think is appropiate.
if more people execis more people will start eating the right food and many people will be much healthier and live healthier and happier lives.
not the way everyone else wants them to.
it also doesn't cost to send long distnace.
with this, their safety is at risk.
i do, because it gives people to oportunity to change and make things better for themselves if they believe something is offensive.
so i think we can all come up with the conclusion that: just because one person doesn't like something, doesn't mean the next person will
i believe kids like me these day want to keep in touch with their friends.
the magazines that have women and men in them can be offensive, because alot of people look at them like they are trash.
if you have family or friends that live far away or in another country, then you can communicate them by computers.
would you want to write a page essay and makin your fingers cramp up just writing no.
computers are helpful in many ways.
for exmaple if a family member lives far away instead of mail you can send it on the computer in a minute send.
therefore i have decided to become a teacher.
online news was extremely crucial in the lastest disaster, the earthquake in .
there will also only be so many books to read, if ever a non-offensive book could even be found.
but do they really consider both sides?
when it comes to chatting websites such as , there are millions of people who belong to this incredible website and love it.
this is my third reason why children should not we spending more time on computers.
also it gets us away from typeing.
finally, it makes your life so much easier.
this one time online i found my old friend from , that i havened seen in five years.
dear trained reader, !
this stamp-collecting hobby refreshes my mind.
all you have to do is type in a credit card number which gives you the illusion that youre not spending money, until the bill comes!
the association of reported that in of used a website and of them were in good positions.
if someone of a certain belief sees something offensive to them or their religion, then they have an option to not read or look at it.
lastly censorship of libraries could interfere with work or school projects or research.
but you can do something about it so you don't get those bad things.
also we couldn't type important paper's.
smell nice out to day.
they can also help people get a better education.
but while connecting through a computer to scientists all over the world, they can analize research, and make very informed, responsible decisions.
the time has come to decied you want to waste your time or not opinnion is !!
for moment i did got caught up on .
they'll feel like your ignoring them, and you'll begin to lose friends that been there for you, and helped you when you needed it most.
that is bad that they would have that on there shelf, just because that makes there library looks like a trashed up place to go to.
and in this day in age hand-eye coordiantion is a neccesity.
they have been used as a gate way for an extensive world of reading and learning.
on the other hand there is an extent the children need to learn also.
personally, i know at least poor young children in my very school that are a victim of the cruel disease, known as obesity.
they can tell you a lot by just the touch of keypad and the click of a mouse.
when people go on the computer they go on without worrying a little bit.
but its not really the computers fault that they arent excercicing.
you need a good grade on a project.
people with social problems, people with bad handwriting, and just busy people who cant sit down and watch the hour news.
these books should be locked up so children cant get them.
those are some the best reasons why a home computer is better than not one.
i believe that they should not censor books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
the number of computers sold has gone up since .
everyone has their on thoughts on things.
the aid of technology, our economy would rapidly as communication countries failed to exist.
another example is that in school kids have a choice of what electives the want to take.
parents would have to explain things that are too mature for some young minds.
today there are books on almost any topic anybody could dream of.
it has a long thin body and flower collecting nectar from them.
computers have their advantages but they also have disadvantages.
once you start using it, your hooked and it's hard to stop.
let me explain a little bit further to you what i mean.
as a member of society, i knew i would not want to read something not typed anyway.
as well as pictures, blogs give people an idea of how a person lives in a regular day in that place and how they feel about it.
another thing is that, if they want to send photos to each other, they can use e-mail.
also if you want to see what there doing or where they are you could us a webcome and see them instead of just talking to them.
an example of this would be the society in the book ' ' by .
i'd like to think that it's because i have a horrible memory, but the truth is, they were just unappealing and unmemorable books.
this makes parents feel good and confident in their child's life.
as i was growing up, i was able to get what i needed done for my school at the library.
earth is a beautiful planet, it has trees, mountain, seas, and humas.
i asked them what do they think is this to happen.
computers were you people, but have for one second that instead of interacting with people you should interact with the people around you.
beacuse if someone just like you wrote it, someone like you will probably be even more willing to read it.
people should not take all the books out for the librarie.
we enjoy each season with its fruits, festivals, and weather.
most my extended family lives in .
a lot of people use their computers to learn new stuff about other things and people.
that sounds a lot more interesting than just talking!
is there a place out there that you really want to know more about, that you hope to someday visit?
you are exercising your fingers.
workers use computers for designing, filing peoples names, and to type papers, and essays.
so you can see there many negative effects on a user of a computer.
or use it to plan vacations.
parents should be limiting there childrens use and what they do, and computers are a way of contact and research.
so computers all neccity and put your mind to hard work but you your dreams with a little well limit!
it's not that i'm not active because i'm not working out or excersising.
there is a thick line if a certain type of material in a library is offensive or not.
the teddy’s body is very smooth and soft.
the information then they like how.
i am almost sure that if people stoped using computers that our world would be a healthier place.
if school systems allowed there to be offensive or innapropriate materials on their shelves, i just know kids would find themselves to be...well... 'distracted'.
also, there an earthquake in and the didn't information to help you.
that's a real way to show hand-eye coordination.
these are some reason why i think we all need computer.
too much of perseverance is needed to become a real gentlemen.
a sport or hanging out.
they give people the ability to learn about anything they want on the internet.
everyday we and use skype to keep intouch.
you can take a walk, read a book, go hangout with your family and won't be pressured for computer time at all.
another reason is that computers bring unity to the nation and even the world.
not everyone is the same, so not all people are going to think the same way.
when it comes to music and books, they are wonderful learning tools also good for expression of ones self.
there are defects in the present examination system.
making friends or keeping up with the ones you have in a positive way help fight depression.
computers can improve learning in a variety of ways.
hand-eye cordination on the computer can help us to learn new things about our society.
my response is that you just could email it to a teach friend or any body else.
and last they help at school or work.
if you dont know someone on face, book, or myspace thats okay it is a great way to meet new people and new freinds.
i you see the computer the way i do.
those are some of the reasons computers are helpfull.
in science class, we use this websites many times, to us learn about motion/gravity.
then you have a possibilty to stay back.
for example, people who sit there all day on the computers spend less of their time exercising, enjoying nature socializing with friends and families.
today kids aren't as mature as they used to be.
there were books about politics, religion, sex, and violence.
how could you go wrong?
my family friend, had to get glasses because his eyes were damaged by the computer.
in a by the , it has been shown that without the computer, of all people would have been ignorant of the one-child dilemna in .
dear , i think that computers affect our country in a positive way.
i honestly think that anything should be allowed in libraries.
find something your parents like to do and see if you like .
of people use the computer to get information and get it more quickly than reading a book about that specific topic.
not many people don't have a computer these days and sometimes it's hard to get away from it.
so newspaper i hope you can try to understand my view on why computers are so great.
just like freedom of speech we should have the freedom to read, listen to, and watch what we enjoy
they help teach students in a way that they will have fun and enjoy what they're doing, giving them a better learning experience.
these include social networking websites, webchat and email.
people need it because they look a news when they could not catch it on so they go to the amazing technoliga.
when my grandparents went to school, they had no idea what a computer was.
the only reason some find it to be unhealthy or negative is because some people abuse their ""computer-time"".
last i'm going to tell you about magazines.
people who wrote that stuff have freedom of seach and the wright to write that stuff or say that stuff.
the grounds that are basing the cencorship are very opinionated and biased ones.
i think that computers have a very positive effect on our lives.
well you email, , , or of course.
for one device to do all that is amazing!
next, there are websites that allows you to ask questions and get answers just as fast.
if anything put it in a different area or just move it put all that type of book in one area not mixed in.
if there is something that offencive in the and mutiple people find it offencive in the community, i would take it to the people in charge of the local
i am sight, people get distracted because they see that little intenet button cont of the corner of their eye.
today, people, especially teens, spend their precious hours wasting time on sites like facebook, myspace and more!
too many children are being bullied online and they are being hurt.
in conclusion, people are spending too much time on their computers, and they need to stop!
so i think it is an addiction and it affects kids but the things you'd rather have your kids do keeps them away from doing it.
hope you enjoy and understand my opinion on computers.
dear local newspaper, i have heard that there is a controversy over if computers benefit our society.
if you keep them from a book or etc they might end up reading it in the long run.
for starter, people are spending too much time on their computers and less time exercising.
finally, you can keep the computers in the family room so that children don't play with it all night in their room.
on my computer and is so easy.""
computers are a great thing during down time and have positive effects on people.
we also had a dip in the cold water.
, enjoy nature live life the way it needs to.
the computer helped me so much that if we didn't have then i don't know where would go.
i do not beleive that certain materials such as books, music,, movies, magazines and ect.
"i don't like fit" said beautiful lady. "
would argue that it was the greatest invention ever.
to this day i have no social life and no job because i spent more time socializing with the computer than people.
they teach us things, entertain us, and are sometimes good pillows, but they can also be bad things.
, the computer takes time away from nature.
finally, the computor enforces bad habits because people send someone some questionable pictures to someone else.
sure its a good thing but dont forget a bad one to.
people's body start to get lazy and don't want to get up.
exercising helps you grow.
a similar thing to this is instant messaging.
hi my name is and i'm here to talk about why i thing we should have these certain materials in the libraries.
computers make you lazy you don't have to read or anything it does it for you.
some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on the awesomeness of the computers!
they can help people talk online, they're educational, and they improve hand eye cordination.
most of the programs to get rid of viruses block children and adults from seeing inapropriate sites (like gambling, pornography, etc).
all you have to do is go to a search engin such as or and type in the subject you wish to learn more about.
it allows you to start a new life without leaving your room.
the operator should have the will power to know when enough is enough and lay down the and set limits!.
everyone has different opinions on what they think is appropiate or not.
there is a children's section, that has all the books we all grew up with, in half the building.
dear , experts are concerned about today's population's computer usage.
of teens get there music from the computer over a cd.
i think we should not take it off the shelf beacus what be offensive to you not be offensive to me.
online, where anyone can go on, there are millions of people that are not connected or related.
books are written by experienced persons who are wise and who have matured minds.
i belive the reason why people use the computer so much is because most people might have to work on the comptuer or mabey even finish a project.
secondly, you would spend less time with your family.
the shocking part was that almost the whole school was reading that book.
i say shrew the law, because when comes down to , its the parents right to tell/show there kid about things, not the goverment.
only thing that can take you away from having fun with your family and friends is yourself you cant blame it on a computer.
my last reson is that computer makes you lazy.
so they'd have to censor the book.
i know that when my library had a series of books that i found interesting that i was back in there after i finished each one.
not all people take atvantege of the computer.
anybody could just type in and get maches and find you eventhough you don't know them.
a few include research, communication, and to have fun.
people can also hack into your computer and look at all your documents.
for example, my aunt, uncle and cousin in .
the worlds a big place and many people don't know much about it.
when i was returning from my school, i saw two boys quarreling for a ball.
such as taking a walk and enjoying nature?
computers in total do not have a bad impact on people.
so those are reasons are stay on some edictded do anything.
i had gotten more information than the book.
to: this letter concerns, computers are apart of our daily life.
or they might just give up on it all.
you can have all the resources you'll ever reed right at your fingertips.
for example: , , , ect.
now and days you will see plenty of people on the computer and not spending time with there family.
computers also let us communicate with family and friends.
media shows children things they shouldn't know about until they are young adults, but does this make it okay?
why it takes up so much time from people's life.
also if you look for too long it could make them tierd.
no one can get in job by spending all day on the computer playing games.
his duty is very hard, therefore, he should be paid a respectable salary.
they overburden themselves with work.
and if they do its by accident like mine incounters where
everyone will just keep protecting these companies to get what they want to satisfy the craving for more computers.
therefore, computers are very positive, since of use them now positively, why stop?
the next day i might learn something in school that i want to search deeper into.
consorship only causes curiosity.
well i say we should because computers has everything you need as in info, games, school, websites where you can by clothes.
it's people choice, the computer doesn't forces them to stay in the house.
also another thing is it gives us the ability to learn about it and surf the web.
sometimes the biggest land animal, the elephant to runs away from it.
the simple alternative would be going to the local library and checking out a variety of books.
computers are enjoyable, great pieces of technology.
you can't just good all these long house on the computer.
this is a terrifying effect on people, because now these computers are brain washing us!
i remember when i was about , our phone broke in our house.
the internet also contains alot of unappropriate content that children should not be viewing.
i don't think for some people it is.
they can by tickets.
you could just open up your laptop and look it up on the internet.
at last but not least people will stop going outside and not go and walk or talk, with friends.
and it will give you the inderigant and direction to make that food or snack you want.
after reading how computers are helpful by helping give direction, save the economy and instant messaging, could you agree with me saying computers are helpful.
it hurts some people eye site when all their doing is stairring durectly at eh screen.
the reason why i chose those things is because you can look those things up on.
movies that are bad should be taken off the shelf.
is glorifying crimes is not a crime?
an ideal student should complete his home-work.
for example, you can go on websites that teach you all kinds of things like math.
he can use the computer to help him find that phone number.
people who spend to much time on the computer, would barely understand whats going on.
so have fun with technology and don't forget to stay active too.
your little and your reading about these topics, you will then be more informed your just little older.
the problem with this is being lazy.
thanks to computers, the process of reconnecting is much easier.
as someone once said, ' who do not know their history are bound to repeat it'.
more websites allow you interact with people over the island.
computers ruined my life.
there are some who live on their computers like the (a comcast commercial) and some who don't know what a computer is (not commenting).
however, some movies are okay for some people and their age.
ii spent so much time on the computer i wasn't able to socialized.
you can type in any question or place into a search engine and instantly get results.
this would be a big problem for everybody involved.
we're doing a culture project!
i think that computers help people in there everyday lives.
books are ment to entertain or inform people.
computers benefitted society greatly.
technology was made to make things easier do we should take advantage of it.
dear , computers tend to have more negative effects on people, rather than positive.
i recieved on a on my paper.
so if the book is offensive but can help somebody with problems then don't even move it.
it allows you to from your home.
another way you could too a is from online classes.
not to mention, what would happen if you didn't use computers and a fire occured?
with we can talk to people around the world or in space that matter.
but even though it's popular, is it really the best item to have?
for a final point, i would like to say that computers simply destroy your lifestyle.
yes, parents believe that having things censored will be better for their children, but children have much more technology and much more access to uncensored music.
when you talk about the book , you think what a great book.
they're similar to libraries.
's just like , from lower said, you got to want if you want to accomplish that goal of yours.
kids need to stop going on the computer and go outside more offing with their friend or family.
one of my fellow students said that computers changed his life.
it is very important to spend time with your family because they are such a big part of your life and less of computer will help families do that.
in conclusion computer have helped a lot to people because you can shop online communicate and learn , overall computer have really changed lives for most citizen
some people just need to think about what they just leaving out in the librarys because little kids loves to see new stuff all the time.
""i spend an entire evening at a family party on these computer.""
all of these books are educational, though some are harsh, and they should be used to show what is right and wrong.
but without hjealth?
you guys can talk about a lot of different things.
this means you should learn haw to type faster.
kids now find many internet sites online online more interesting than hanging out with family and friends.
those were the opinions i had on computers.
im sure that doesn@caps2 want to be known as the accident state.
you could go in chats with your co-workers or your boss for a meeting.
you are able to see penguins in the southern ice cap and the ricefields of a bird's eye view all by simply moving your fingers.
many readers reading this right now, should understand how dangerous and read this is, ""!....
today, a lot of children and teenagers are getting bullied.
in libraires, the librarian should censor the books for younger people so they do not read the awful and hurtful things the book is saying.
computers can a lso find for places for you an your friends or family to have fun like it couldn't find places never heard of.
in conclusion explict magazines, books, and music should really be taken off the shelves from kids.
most people when on the computer tend to eat more are all well-known facts.
my elder brother is a forest officer.
computers have a positive effect on people of all ages.
rash driving causes accidents.
webcam is becoming a huge sensation!
the las reason why computers are so great the enternet because everthing is on the enternet like if you want to shop.
when this happens, it interferes with their lives as well as their bodies, because our bodies need sunlight.
now a days friends aim, video chat or text each other instead of going and doing something with them.
neither or these weight problems are very good for you, proving my point about the health issues of too much computer time.
the computer is full of information, and is right at our finger tips, this is definitly a huge benifit to our socierty.
in conclusion, computers do have a great effect on people.
no one, computer are one of the most useful device ever made.
they do not need books and movies that make it worse on them and make them think bad things are good.
people are busy in earning money or solving their problems.
this can get many kids in trouble if they are not careful on these websites.
of the people in school say their addicted to the computer, and of the people in community say their addicted to the computer too.
most people who do i personally think are immature.
you can learn also things on the computer.
but face it, the ruth is, computers can be addicting.
i, for me, hate clutter, and i have so many school binders for papers to be lost in.
also, do you like using the computer?
they also let you do things that you couldnt do without.
these books little kids can pull off a shelf and see things that there parents dont want them to see.
although you might say that you don't care what others think, but in the long run it might be a mistake if you think this way.
any information that they might read or hear is something that they are going to find out sooner or later anyway.
my friend found a website with very detailed information for an essay.
i beleive if it wasn't for computers we wouldn't really know that much about our world.
not getting work done is not the problem.
get into a fun conversation or debate.
me i don't abuse the computer be i need to keep grades up.
sometimes we she take a break from them and enjoy nature.
i always try to think of how my grandparents would feel if they new what kind of music most teen's are listening to today.
i dont think there should be any censorship good books and music shouldint be removed just becaus one person finds it offensive.
you use your computer to anything like this?
talking to people from around the world can be interesting.
another good example is movies.
censorship is an unnecessary solution to something that isn't even a problem.
instead of going outside in the warm wheather, having fun people are staying home.
we all think it is correct to keep pornographic material and adult language away from children.
over the internet, you can research everything from the main staple of the diet in all the way to the day the new year in .
i remember year i was doing a report about the .
computers today hold every bit of information on every topic imaginable from history to politics.
electricity is generated with the help of water, coal and even sun rays.
some people say, "" i'll just spend an hour on the computer and then i will go work out.""
you can communicate with anyone you know.
children really need to be keped way from these kinda of books, tell there older and undersdtande whats right and whats wrong.
i understant that computers after a faster and much easier way to communicate but we definetley can't forget the work of .
they will just sit in the computer chair and eat drink bad stuff all day.
it seems as if they dont get along because they disagree, but neither could live without each other.
when people are on computers, they focus on whats on the computer and not about their surroundings.
i think the censoring is helping to keep our youth from taking the words and actions and using them in there daily lives.
you can go to the stock websites and control what you buy and sell, without raising you phone bill from calling the brokers.
along with the internet, there are programs such as , and , which help people to learn a new language, or write on the computer.
as you can see, computers are not negitive at all for all i know is that help people around the .
i was thinking to visit a suburb of singapore.
i also do all the writing on it too so it wont look messy but instead, clean and neat.
it should be made habit.
finally it makes you more social with people.
dear local newspaper, have computers ever hurt anyone?
the world would be sectored and unified, contact between people scare, and information even.
out of homes have a computer and it is beang used by children.
once can find blog posts about someone's visti to there country of interest & even videos of their time there.
if someone has the right and the authority to take books off the shelf that bothers them, then i have the exact same right as them.
no one knows how people feel abouit themselves or things around them
i have a friend who exersices everyday.
people spend too much time on their computers.
as you can see this is a ability and can be a big help when you need to know something fast.
floods also bring out the worst in men to the fore.
instead of going on facebook/myspace to talk to your friends, just them over.
staying off computer is a great way to help yourself and other people to.
but she didn't blame on the libraries, asking why they would carry such books where children could reach them.
you could vidio chat with your friends or family that lives in a diffrent place.
you can learn about many new places with a .
and if you're on a diet, you can look up healthy recipes.
computers effect us in a very good way and they change our every day lives, children these days cannot type.
all books have different themes and subjects and all readers have different opinions on them.
if this move was taken off the shelf, some people wouldn't have fully understood the story because they couldn't picture it.
have no fear the online textbook is here!
therefore, finding a book offensive or unsuitable does not give one the right to take that privaledge away from everyone else.
offensive is only used in the first part, but not in the second, and the same material was used.
be like me and get rid of your computer.
i was a little afraid.
whether some people find certain material offensive or not, there are other ways to get that material so there really is no point to censoring anything in libraries
you should not be concerned because computers are very posotive.
secondly, computers have a positive effect on people.
the child's parents can protect them if they find the book offensive for their children.
artificial respiration was also given.
i like to go on the computer, mostly because i'm able to speak with my friends.
computers allow people to see each other from different places in the world.
i keep saying that to her but she never listens.
along with needing a place to house your monitor, you have to find room to cram a printer, the hardrive and all those wires.
in those extreme cases most adults can the read.
their was no way i could find out way the was killing the people over in that town.
kids might even meet with some of the strangers they talked to online and get hurt!
if you don't want your kids watching something, don't let them.
he read the passage, and his eyes went wide.
they have assisted education, social reconnecting and the environment.
studys show taht of all people who use the computer after a long time are more likly to loose their eye sight than people who are outside all day.
i know i if i were to ever have children i would want them around something they understand and know, nothing bad and harmful.
nature is a wonderful teacher about the circle of life and the natural way of the world.
but mostly old people read magazines cause they have alot of time on there hands.
i beleive that nothing should be censored from a public library because people go their on their own free will.
computers make things more organized so 's easier to find things.
it's also easy and fast to use a computer for research.
what ever happened to the old fasion way no computer, no problems.
if someone just moved from another town or state, this will help them meet new people.
also, the learn important facts about places and people.
don't you?
also, give reasons on why i feel this way about the statement.
what are the conversations mostly about?
if you stay on the computer all day you will smell, get fat, get lazy, and no one wents these things.
and lastly do you want your put in danger by simply just using a at home.
this often causes depression as it begins to sink in.
i love my personality.
i have just realized that you can pretty much do anything you want on a computer.
what happends when you are doing a project over something, and they do not have the book you need?
we need to understand nobody is better than nobody and we also need to respect other people's feelings, its something that we have to work on.
no matter what type of book it is, it still tells us a story of another place and another time.
you can do this with computer, which would probably even be more entertaining than a boring ad book from the library.
that isn't how the character would act.
my grandmother would tell me stories about before they had computers, now my dad works on and he tells me stories about his day.
how much easier could it get?
i love my books.
wouldn't you rather enjoy nature in person instead of which it on your computer and not get the fall effect?
can allow you to connect with anybody around the world at anytime.
and the best part about them is that they are fun and easy to use!
today many people are able to learn about that due to computers.
lets recap they help students reasearch, help people find jobs, you can work from home.
also with parents losing jobs in this ecconomic downfall, kids are always moving.
another reason libraries should not remove offensive items from their shelves is that, most likely, the entire book, magazine, movie, etc.
even if your computer doesn't have internet, you can play games.
secondly, using the internet on computers makes finding information on a variety of subjects much easier.
also they end up getting in trouble in school or at home.
i don't know about you but i would rather read a book with an interesting and maybe controversial topic than a book that seems to go nowhere.
not a book about violence, murder, or teen precnancy.
you can tell your body to get off the pc and get a work out or talk to friends.
advances in computer technology are beneficial to society for several reasons.
finally, computers are hazardous to the envirnment.
you could write a paper on the computer for example read on to see how i support my reasons of why computers are helpful in peoples lives.
you will never know because everyone has there own and who knows whose opinion is right.
now those are some reasons on why i feel that computers are a great part of our lives.
finally, if someone finds a book offensive they do not have to read it.
he made some very sexually themed music.
what we ready to do whatever is needed.
if the person gets it then they will be happy, but probly much more so if in the mail they got a handmade real thank you card.
children need to be careful about they say or show on the internet.
also the computer can save a-lot of important things you need.
the appliances our mothers use to cook food work with the help of electricity.
an extremely important and helpful aspect of the internet is the ability of purchasing and ordering items online.
we should try to keep the friends we have.
all of the travel information from plane tickets to the right currency is at your fingertips on a computer.
we got all of the magazined anf threw them away.
excrise would help to keep you instead of electronics.
computer can help kids find info better we type your paper sloppy.
all libraries are not good cause some people are going to library an getting on the computer getting on websit that the child find.
it also helps you with you hand cordinations because on the computer you need to know how to type.
when the number became more, they had started collectiong donations.
the cool relaxing air at the beach is much nicer than a dark stuffy room with just the glow of a computer.
to conclude, computers help people talk online.
and you also see the person if you attach a camera to you computer, it's called video-chatting.
therefore the computer should be supported and not looked down upon.
now, without proper excersize, your putting you heart at serious risks.
the effects on nature and people are horrible.
right now many people in the are obese because of bad eating and no exersise.
in some aspects the experts are right.
to retain knowledge about other cultures, places, people and miscellaneous things makes to amazing thanks to the computer we have for this information besides books.
the books are always the easiest way to get information but not when you are getting rid of them.
the can be a good search enging but don't stay for to long your body needs you too.
the world would be upside down without them.
books can be good things, but are they always good?
some teachers burden the students with holiday homework.
children on the other hand should be overlooked by an adult just to make sure they dont pick up anything that should not be viewed as a child.
people nowadays are becoming smarter and smarter.
there are websites that can help you find information.
the only way to cook would be with fire.
i shall try to be an ideal teacher.
they make people antisocial, unhealthy, and do bad things.
the computer is a great source of entertainment.
everyone needs to stay away from the bad people online.
on the weekends you wouldn't want to be on the computer go out with your friends, enjoy yourself.
so is going on the computer really so bad?
i believe that people should have the right to read whatever they want.
also with computers you can learn about other nation.
magazines is a big one.
so i went online on and we got the directions from there and we printed them out and we found the place in minutes.
so this is my essay to you.
but, i think computers are mostly for pre-teens and teenagers.
we need the different opinions in life.
we take if you are caught doing , you can go to prison.
also you are learnen more when ever you research anything.
they get c losed in a small bubble and all they case about is the computers.
it should die down eventually.
also for chatting.
the crowd was looking anxiously with gasps of surprise.
more and more people use them and agree that these vertual portals of information and comunication are extremely helpful.
this is also very convendent and is less stressful then waithing in lines to purchase on item.
everyone should be treated equaly.
just the other night at dinner our waiter was from and he said he received all his news about his hometown from the internet.
seven years later he was able to send radio signal halfway around the world.
and third, we are losing the ability to communicate with the people around us.
whatever you do, think about the next time you're online and see what happends.
they just need to have learning and for fun magazines.
why would a book be published, or written for that matter, if we were not intended to read it?
people don't even realize that computers can take away very important things in life.
there are puzzle games that challenge you, action that are fun and take rapid button pressing, and adventure that let you explore new lands.
last month our class teacher took us for a picnic.
i had no clue what to do on the topic, so i whent on the computer and looked up .
instead of doing that just go on the internet find a chatcom and start chatting or bloging with your friends.
second reason is because their taking time away from trying to learn stuff off the internet.
you could think about an issue one way and your neighbor think about it a totally different way.
with computers, you could go on social networking sites, like facebook and connect with friends.
some web sites contain the ability to talk to each other through video or through messages, such as , or .
to start off, computers are bad because they can be used as a way to babysit a child.
the reasons of keeping intouch, giving
it is important that people are aware of what their children are seeing.
for example, it has possitive effect on people, it teaches hand-eye coordination, and it allows people to talk to online with other people.
i've provided you with facts, and details about the consequences about computers, now you decide whether computers have a possitive or negative efect on people.
clearly, this is a great benefit.
everywhere you look there is another adult on the internet or e-mail.
it smoothing up the vibe and if you be and a bad mood that music you like claim you down in put you and a better one.
in second place, not only beacause you dont like something people should stop doing those things or stop buying those thing, no!
at the pace our world is going today their will be no individualism left within the next fifty years.
it is to the community, doing what everyone else is doing and not being different, this scares people.
i strongly think this because this could cause serious damage to the eyes.
dear, newspaper my name is , and i think that this idea based on why people need computer is a good statement/ .
in conclusion, i think computer negative effect on.
the first reason i think make computers good is because of the people we can meet via , yahoo, or gmail.
there will be less interacting time a risk by going on a computer.
i think the computer teaches us to work onlone with no ones help.
sooner or later everything will be based on computers like, jobs, school, and ever the medical field.
we enjoyed the fair and returned home.
according to , or have a website which can be accessed over the computer.
he is very intelligent.
this is illegal and absurd that young or even older people would be doing these actions.
these are a few things you should consider when choosing a side on this debate.
also it always gives you information everytime you use it.
everyone should be able to decide whether to pick up a library material, and censorship makes that impossible
why wouldn't you use a computer when you learn so much from them?
which means that if one person takes a book off the shelf then so does everone else then we will have no books to read at libraries.
therefore he goes place to place to beg.
if the book is rated , you must be over the age of seventeen to read it.
parents will eventually find out what you doing behind close doors, they been through everything you doing or trying to do now.
one can sit on the rod ahead of the seat and the other on the seat.
i was really happy for her and realized computers are helpful.
have you ever tried to find that information and had an""ah-hah!""
and also the music and movies they need to remove because some dvds are spokeds thats they need to remove.
in conclusion, i think computers is a great invention.
computers are very important, i dont know anyone who does not need one.
it allows us to type essays and projects.
smart parensts are wanting their children to have fun in the back yard.
people also tend to interact with people on the computer that they don't talk to out in the world, or that they don't know at all.
all in all, it's about the parents and their personal preference
they are going to miss out of nature or hanging out with friends.
but something even worse is on the way.
also a lot of people are using the for there businesses.
technology has re-shaped the medical world dramatically with x-rays, 's, surgeries and medicines.
when you take a quiz your treacher has to grade over quizzes!
they get hand eye coordination.
when a teacher asks me to type a paper i always do it on the computer.
people are wrong when they say it takes their time away from exercising.
computers give you more resources than a book.
mutual cooperation in students and sports and games raises the standard of a boarder.
as much as nature watching and exercise is healthy and fun i would rather learn about a sunny beach of or the great landscape of .
this also will make the librarians job much harder than what it should be.
many kids nowadays have so much homework and spend on the internet.
this form of bulling has happened to many and we have lost many to it.
secondly, spending so much time inside decreases the time you spend outside enjoying nature.
a small red car driven by a handsome young man could be seen in front of all others.
you know how useful books are in helping us see the differece between right and wrong.
most of the items in the library are appropriate for children, but some are for adults and teenagers.
by using the computer to complete research papers students save hours of scanning through books in the library and money on reading books.
are they good or are they bad?
more than half of or benefit just from working on the computers.
even though are bad people and bad websites doesn't mean the computers bad.
are computers benefiting society?
what if it's a rainy day outside and there's nothing to do?
he was looking on what seemed like a very official site to purchase a big boat.
computers help you learn about faraway places like .
people still rely on computers just as much more today.
if i look in the library, i could find a book with offensive material, but the book could still be a very good book.
or some thing that fun or i think or beneficial to me.
didn't tell anyone about this.
if a book id found offensive by one person or group of people that doesnt mean it should be removed off of the shelves.
the students at had one group people try a regular commercial diet plan & another group people do exactly what they've been doing... except their computers.
my brother learned swearing from the new & advanced game of .
for instance, i have a grandma that lives in .
if you do this thinks everyone will say that computer your positive effect and are one of the last invention created.
woulnt kill for you to put your say in and try to get this kind of thing under control and just removed.
not childern are very out going but if they had a computer thatn that will really help them.
within a few seconds you will have searched hundreds more libraries newspapers and even other computers to find information on your topic.
have you ever been in your house on a rainy day just sitting around bored because there is nothing on ?
music is another item that tends to get censored quite often.
man just think, if we didn't have a computer, all the time/money people spend on computers can be spent for stuff more useful.
again, the happy-median.
in conclustion, some people might say some experts are concerned people are spending to much time and less exercing enjoying friends and family.
for example, they need these rescources to help out with a class or presentation.
like go to the moon!
last it makes people have unbalanced meals and lose track of their diet.
said that in a interview with sience magaziene.
in conclusion, i just told you why computer technologie is good to have.
also these w ebsites are addicting.
friends and family are realy important and if you don't spend time with them they can become upset.
many teachers and students use computers daily to help them teach.
anything, as in research or personal reasons.
the race was nearing its end.
teens with the power of facebook.
also you can get information on places you will visit.
i believe society would be better off without the constant worry of a computer!
should be removed from public libraries.
computers are a most have in a society.
also it leads to being overweight sense your not getting active.
""the internet is a broad place open to strangers,"" my dad says.
facebook and skype are a past of my everyday life and without them i know i would not be as social.
many people just simply take the ideas of others the wrong way.
in my opinion, computers make things easier.
you can make website and you can watch movie and show online.
the passenger was not the one to be easily cowed down.
computers help people learn about foreign places.
also, they say that you can learn more about someone in minutes of playing with them then in minutes of talking with them.
computers are good for finding information quickly.
with nearly every disputable form of media that comes out, people harangue the producers and say the piece should have never been made.
that's all it is anyway, and that picture isn't going to be there for you.
when was the last time you need a computer to help you look up something or someone?
unfortunately, he had to move away.
the library in the town that i live in has a clearly marked area for children and teenagers.
as katherine paterson said, 'and then we have no books life on the shelf for any of us.
""before computers you would need to go to the libary and find around ten books that might not even have what your looking for.
see these things you can go on the computer.
if your parents are out and won't let you get out you can still talk to your friends.
all they had to do was to take him to the place to sign up & show that.
if a person comes across a offinsive piece of material it should be ignored.
dr. says that in the last years the average weight of a person has gone up pounds due to them sitting in front of their computers and eating.
dear , i believe that people should be able to go on the computers and still be doing it.
more and more people in this world are using so much technology and especialy computers.
he is light many others, he never exerciszes with his friends because he is constantly on the computer.
think about it, would it be cool to visit a great place, like .
for all the reasons above are reasons i think computers are an awesome =) and positive technology, i mean just look at all the reasons.
did you know that when you waist your only hurting yourself?
so even know you can communicate with your friends.
they won't let us excersise to shape, see the beatiful lands of nature,or spend time with our families so can keep it together.
dear , i believe that computers benifit the society.
computer have started to make kids obese.
in conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on people around the world.
when the recess periods is over, they get back to their classrooms to start their studies again.
there are a few minor instances where computers have hurt people, but more instances where they have helped people.
dear local news paper, i agree that technology has a positive effect on people.
all the information you could need.
lastly, emailing is a great way to inform people.
which person has the benefit in situation?
it helps the police and .w.a.t to find where people are and where they'll be.
don't you wish every day you could be proud of your self?
dear , several reasons on way i that advances in technology are harmful to our socitey is because it opens doors to strangers on the outside world.
games teach us the team spirit.
computers do benefit society.
experts say that it the number one way to get iinfo badly.
another reason why you should agree with me is because on computers we can communicate easier.
even when you are just on the computer.
now is the time to make your decision on whether or not you think computers are giving a positive effect on people.
computers can hold more information and files than cabinets can.
granted you wouldn't want a five-year old reading a book made for adults, but with age kids would have to learn things.
a policeman performs very hard duty.
in the end, computers are not a benefit to our poorly run society.
it isn't only children either.
books help us learn things, like new words we've never heard of before, or some major point in history we should know about.
i mean people go to special websites just to talk to friends.
once people start following guidlines and reading the boxes and still disagree, then maybe will have something then.
i saw the front page talking about computer.
we the believe are children and adults are spending too much time in their laptops or computers.
people want to just change everything and make sure things are perfect and nothing bad is in the world.
some computer games help expand your imagination because when your playing games you think of things that could make the game better.
computers became so popular here has been an increase in social problems, health issues and pollution,"" says .
most of the people made books that are inapropiate or offensive and sometimes are the life of the person or some experience that they have live.
many scientists have spent their lives studying animal and have put it on the iternet for you to better educate yourself.
those are endless possibilities at entertainment on a computer.
i'm sure that you know pets need love and need you to play with them.
but mostly its good because they sometimes let you have your own business and you get good pay still.
first gonna tell you why i disagree.
technology has advanced as enough to having machines do everyday tasks, proving how lazy some are now-a-days.
could it be to much of a good thing?
anyone can learn important things.
take for example a book about .
that's not all the computer has to offer.
lastly, people in todays day in age use the computer to read books instead of going to the library or and (or any book store).
my people do not spend much time with family and friends.
what if a burgalor cuts the phone lines and sneaking your house e-mail .
helping the user get the most satisfaction.
the solution is for the child to look at magazines, , or magazines.
on a computer you can talk in privite and say what ever the heck you want.
some people are pro computer useage and others not so much.
also they have games for computers that people get hooked on.
we only have the telephone what if we 't know some ones cellphone number?
today you just have to go onto and type it out.
i know my self, and i love to shop!
there are also other websites like facebook and skype were you can actually post pictures up about yourself and family and be protected.
you can have a mesaging connection with someone by using or a free to free conversation using on your computer.
they can get this practice from exercise catching ball, threading a needle, or using a computer.
if your teacher gives you a homework assingment why not type it so you learn that skill.
of course i would not like to see : in my childrens section but that is all up to just having books in their right sections.
even if it was research, don't you think it would be better to stick our head in a book to get the information?
aspesaily your job as an you need to use a computer everyday.
so they can write an essay in text language and when typing it over students choose what they mean from spellcheck and move on.
he did and immeadiatly started video chatting on a weekly basis.
about three years ago i went on vacation to .
if they don't want it they don't have to listen to it or watch it.
those other people would send it around and in the end it was a horrible mess.
granted, some people read very incriminating books that could get them in a lot of trouble, but not everyone should be punished for another persons mistake.
computers help people save money by talking on the computers with friends, family and even co-workers.
this can help keep families in touch.
computers can be very useful to people.
people around him have a good regard for him.
everyone has different views, likes, interest, wants and needs.
it's as simple as that.
people enjoyed perfect happiness without fear or sorrow or disease.
the effects it has on people are good because of the knowledge and communication it brings.
nothing eve really goes right with computers, there alway getting slower and slower every time you use it.
my personal opinion is that censorship is useless because it ruins it for everybody because one person got offended.
he recieved a zero on that grade.
chat rooms are commonly used by kids as well as adults.
libraries need to up their standards of what should be in the library and what should not.
just like that you know, and off to you meeting.
do you know that families aren't getting to spend the time with each other as the wish, reason being computers?
now that older and like to read, i read more books about action and mystery.
talking to friends and family online doesn't help you have good social skills.
the principal is very interested in sports and games.
sometimes it will be in effect while at other times it will not.
there are bunches of different ways to talk to your friends and family on the computer.
every library has tons of information on just about everything.
don't want this to happen, do you?
lastly, a moderation could be extremely helpful for us today.
is my personal favorite' says of the newspaper, "" has helped me endlessly if need to contact someone on short notice.""
they could also find interesting things to see in that country.
you missed you favorite .v.
finally, you could pick a warm day to sit out on the beach, and listen to some music, next to the salty ocean.
they can learn and even interact with.
go to the gym, a vacation without a computer.
in out of kids/adults use the computer for research.
floods are natural calamity and take place regularly in certain areas.
lastly some bad things can be shown and can happen while online.
as you can see, the weather the computer world have saved him a trip to the emergency room.
some of my friends spend hours on the computer a day that they could be playing.
it helps education because always use computers to help kids learn important information.
libraries are for studying, learning, and entertainment in a quiet, peaceful place.
they can also use it for sexual harrasment for stalking people.
you can also interact with people far away.
sometime the easy way isn;'t always the best way thats why we must have balance.
this is only one way a computer comes in handy in every day life, there are plenty more.
imagine how people felt back then when there weren't any great technology.
it is understandable if one person does not agree with the material being placed into these books, but why should they ruin the entertainment for everyone else?
everyone uses computer so you can basicly meet enyone.
i find it intresting that people think that its there problem to go to the book self and say this and that shouldnt be aloud here.
as should lets say someone in a book store sees a offencive book they should just look away.
i am proud of my dream.
because than enjoying the fresh air and open fields has to offer are enjoying or our !
i don't know any one that uses the computer for more then work or school.
for a good reason such as communicating with far away relatives.
also the computer can play the favorite song on the computer.
the guy decided he would just drive home because he was not very drunk.
it is every persons own right and they are capable on making decisions that they think are the right thing to do.
the bullies call you names and pick on you and sometimes make you feel suicidal.
i believe people are doing the best they can to seperate these materials from the family oriented materials.
for adults it could be information on starting a business.
so maybe you don't like computers.
children now a days will get presured by media, magazines ,and sometimes by peers.
if we ban books because we do not agree with them or find them suitable, eventually there will not be any left to check out at the library.
in todays world it is hard to please every living soul.
you could play internet game checkers, solitaire and even freecall.
this is the last reason why i feel computers are bad.
one day, we were all sitting near the pool after the day’s session.
your body needs fresh air, so start enjoying your life a little more people!
another reason is it gives us hand cordanation.
political correctness can not always be followed when writing a story.
also, like i mentioned before scientists have concluded asked, that too much sitting is bad for you.
certain software gives people the chance to create games and post online to the public.
of student wouldn't know what to do they didn't have there computer or laptop.
its use should simply be monitored so that only those capable of accepting or understanding its message are capable of reading it.
well, if there is i would be looking at what they are reading or doing.
everything is normal again and we go to check out.
for others it could just be words.
movies are a whole different thing now the things that happen on the movies get away with it mostly because they have money to get away with.
i can connect to that because i used to be a user of the computer and my guardian would yell at me because of it.
i think libraries such actually expand thier variety of books.
one of the informative ways is that you learn new information every time you log on.
lastly, i remember multiple times i said i would do something with my dad but i didnt because i was on the computer.
that's just how life is.
i gusse it all just depends on that person and thier feelings.
wer not for the internet more people would be jobless in .
if you need to do projects and research, what better way to do them than on a computer.
for instance, my six year old sister goes on a website that teaches you things in a fun way.
i agree with the effects computer haves on people, because one it allows us to access information, two it allows us to interact with people.
furthermore, people are wasting their important attention.
pursuade them too!!
if you were to censore everything because some people find it offensive then we would never be able to find new ideas to improve our community.
first, as the army keeps losing more and more soldiers in combat and they try to recruit people they can post their ad up over the internet.
computers make this so much easier by letting you connect with them without having to wait for the mail by writing letters.
the world in full of offensive material, and there almost nothing we can do for it.
if one person looks at and is like 'i don't like this and this about it.'
in conclusion, having a family computer is a very good thing.
studies say by each upcoming generation the communication skills are decreasing by .
also, you can use specific programs like or to create a cover page for a project or a presentation for your corporal business.
year my printer stoped working times so i could not do my homework.
they can help you wtih certain questions.
lastly, computers keep you from doing anything productive.
if the books and magazines all disappeared from the shelves about this subject then those people would not be able to learn more about those kinds of subjects.
while this be true for some people it is not true for .
i go oh the computer almost every day but also go outside too.
furthermore the internet generates alot money for people becausethey can use it as a cyber billboard.
you can meet people be search them up if you are trying to find a old friend.
there are three main reasons as to why i feel 'offensive' pieces of writing, movies, and music should be allowed in public libraries.
it is much easier in remember someone address than it is a phone settle for just talking, when you can actually see the person?
in i don't think the magazines are a big issue.
first, the computer benifits society because it developes hand eye cordination.
to continue, my second argument is about detrimental effects computers have on the enviroment.
i can just send them pictures of the snowy winter sceneries here through just a minute.
last , became a member of , itrouble quickly began to find her.
no matter the age they are.
for example my brother is really into parcore.
so, leader of the paper, do you really, along with everyone else, think that computers are a waste of time in life?
computers let us research so we get correct information with just a click.
it is shown that of strints who read .
personally, i hate rap.
however, havbing a complete at hand can make learning an enjoyabl experience.
dear local newspaper, i think people using a computer has a effect.
here are statements on why i believe this.
your attitdue has a lot to do with telling someone that something is offending you.
families can became a non-important thing.
there are books movies and music that offend everyone if we took them all away we would have nothing.
one is on a rainy day.
therefore, with such positive affects, should keep using this wonderful technology and get our jobs done.
they teach hand eye coordination.
computers have played a vital role in creating our economy.
for example, you need to know what time a movie starts at the movie theatre so you check online!
this means they will be on them all the time, and never do other things like go outside.
computers are robots they do lots for us.
those three reasons are why compujters are essential to people.
and talking with other people just makes us happy.
things will be much simpler in the long run.
you can do many things on the computer to have fun.
but i would also like to comment something about the computer.
young people of a certain age can not read certain books unless they are with a parent or gaurdian.
also, the internet can help bring couple together and potentially lead to marriages.
how would someone feel if one of their favorite books or movies were being removed from the shelves of libraries because of another person didn't like it?
people do not want to exercise if they have a computer to go on.
in my opinion, everybody should be a part of some physical activity.
please understand the meaning how terrible computers are.
maybe you've never heard of or .
certainly, playing on the computer is fun but woudn't you want to give some attention to your family.
he should have just left her alone.
now that you know that lets move on to my first reason.
i got down after four stands.
to the , i have recently heard that some people think that computers don't benefit society.
all of those sites you can text free and touch those with your example, one day i didn't want spend my to talk to my friend.
he will think its ok to pick fights at school with other children or curse the teacher.
it's very multi propose (use).
we have so many distractions in our that we don't need more!
where students could learn about distant places they didnt know existed.
on commputer's i can also do things quicker and easyer.
i remain confined to my room.
they live on the other side of the .
most students use them every day.
if you have bad judgement, you'd stay inside all day tweeting and .
hopefully others will agree with me too.
i also believe that the use of computer is more efficient than doing to a library and researching a book.
the fun messages are what makes everything so great.
if we did not have this ability we will not be able to know what is going on around the world.
a child will only learn more by challenging themselves.
to conclude, computers are beneficial because they're a great source of communication, they offer many learning opportunities, and they make life so much easier.
it needs to be labled on the book that it has it in there.
the reason why material from libraries should not be taken away is cause the kids can still find that stuff on the internet.
many parents state that, "" spend to much time on the computer!""
those are just a few ways of communicating on the computer.
of course you , everyone does.
yes, the libraries do have blocks on the internet for websites that are very outragously offensive, but people have learned how to get around the blocks.
do you ever find it easier to talk to someone on the computer, than it is in person?
taking them off the shelves would be more than unnessecary just because some person doesn't like it.
it holds information and has website when the internet they.
would you rather talk on the phone or computer.
i'm sure you will now agree that computers are helpful, not harmful.
computers even help people in school for people like me who broke there arm and have to take some test on the computer.
no one is taking to reading as a way to relieve boredom, they are just sitting on the couch watching television.
pay bills for long distance calling.
sometimes people need some down time after all their homework is over with.
young ladies want to have big boobs and butt.
you can do things without a computer.
computers effect a lot of people.
second: computers give people the chance to learn about faraway people and places.lastly when you have a computer you can chat and talk to other people.
computers cellphones, ipods, gamesystems, etc all include a little thing i'd like to call the internet.
kind of information you need you can already have it with a touch of a button.
we all love cuddling and watching movies together, but not all movies are right for us.
yes, a dictionary helpful.
some of these things we might not even realize, but they're out there.
a lot of computer time is needed because you get smarter plus it beneifts society.
and it was times better and free and better.
you can also talk to your friends and even video chat with them too.
i blame myself for picking up in the first place.
could use the computers for .
we are a middle class family and my home also belongs to the family background.
well its true and computers are a great source .
sometimes maybe unrealible because anybody can change anything on the site.
computers provide better and faster communication.
yes, i think they should be removed from the shevles.
so if they reasearch alot and go to school they can get the job they always wanted because they know so much knowledged people are better people.
comunication connects people around the world it a small world after all.
they do not know what is happening outside. )
my grandpa, aunt, other family members have a facebook account.
you have a distant friend that you haven't talked to in a while.
that is why the effects on computers to people are nothing but positive.
are you supposed to explain to your boss in time?
dear , i believe that computers are benefitual to society.
last and not least you could hold important files and documents and save yourself the trouble from rushing to work.
they are easy to learn how to use, you can connect with old friends, and even learn by going to an online school or college they offer.
if thats not the case you can meet new people.
we will no longer have a respected society.
and what would a compter be without games?
all the information scientists have learned from the human geno project can cure cancer and other dieseases.
in conclusion, cenorship should just be ignored.
but computers are being used for other things.
people should be going about to have fun get sunlight not staying at the computer all the time.
and with of obese this world help that problem alot.
dear local news paper, computers is a good idea because every developed country uses computers.
because of your addictition with computers you become less close with family or friends, causing your social life to be very minimal.
some are children's books, some are adult books, and some are in between.
a people, we are quickly learning that what was once so genius, is actually dangerous.
one fairy came to me and greeted me with a sweet smile.
but all of this is taking away from your social skills, even grammer.
the question that seems to be of intrest to people is should these items that are offensive be taken off the shelves.
the computer be fun but its always important to get outside and enjoy nature.
for example - learning about far away places, people, and culture, exploring animals, and even online shopping is now availble.
a great amount in the world today are using computers, some for work and spme for the fun of it.
computers are a good way to intouch with people, online, jobs, and information on facts.
without a doubt, computers benefit people in society in many ways.
dear i think it it good and bad.
taking materials from the library to avoid the subject doesn't stop someone from finding that information.
was very into reading.
it could end up in a huge problem, not only for the children and their parents, but also for the school.
does that mean i want to totally rid the world of those certain materials?
all this takes is just a couple minutes, which is alot better than reading for an hour or time.
its great because you can buy things it, like on a websites such as ebay, amazon, etc.
having one person read this could be a problem, now imagine having more than just one, a whole clique seeing this.
humans are sending huge amounts of money on getting the latest computer technology.
so you see computers are really speacial becus you see you dont want to write someone amillion things it is not right so we need computers.
i know i .
books and stories are meant to push the mark of what has been written and what can be written.
newspaper, i feel that the use of computers is no big deal.
people offensive by libraries i think that libraries are sometimes offensive,but not all the time.
many people can say they have.
people should be aware of some of the content in books.
with technology like this they save with just a click of that mouse.
so books are usually very hard to offend people, because most people can usually tell right away if they like the book or not.
i think our country has gotten much smarter because of computers.
lets get out of here.
search are most popularly used, such as or .com , of all computer users with access have at some paint.
every man has own likes and dislikes.
he works very hard from morning till night.
it is a double-storeyed building.
more over you can do it instantly so it gets the information anywhere in milliseconds.
not exactly all books are offensive but some are.
in a resent survey it showed that teenagers stay on the computers the most.
these are about computer how people spend time on them.
next, computers also allow people to learn about other faraway places and people.
activities keep you mind off things read on to find our more.
censoring everything isn't good, the only way to learn anymore these days about real life is media and books.
they could be apart for months or even years.
you can easily fine information any subject you want, or find the name of that song you just heard on the using your computer.
great websites that are packed with information, like , can only be accessed using a computer.
ever the reason, computers make reserch fast and easy.
its sad really to not beable to watch the news and learn what is going on in the world.
comming through our minds have showed you what we have thought about the effects computers have on us today.
secondly, some children spend more time in the grate indoors than the outdoors.
in fact, nine out of ten students say that when it comes to safety, computers are rated an a+.
some books in the library are offensive to some people but should the books be removed from the shelves?
for example what if all of a certain type of music was eliminated from libraries, the internet, and tv; it would slowly dissolve out of existence.
also poeple need computers for schol work and for their jobs too!
you can laways go otside with your friends and family too!.
if theres a movie and a guy and he is doing drugs and later dies.
and there are tons of more things you can do.
somethings you could learn about on the computer are places, people, animals, plants, food, etc.
dear editor of the , people say that technology is affecting everybody left and right.
computers take away from people enjoying nature's joy.
he does not indulge in anti-social activities he is against smuggling, corruption, hoarding and black-marketing.
censorship in liraries, in my opinion is over-rated.
you can enter a free chatroom and meet someone from .
plus, computers teach students hand-eye coordination.
if they hour each day the moody ness would change.
in conclusion i think it all depends on what kinds of kids are going into the library.
having a computer is a huge benefit to society.
another thing is those game websites.
its still your opinion but you read minds so think about what you read on say it isn't true.
i believe that computers have a bad effect on people because their communication skills will drop, people won't get enough exercise & their health can be imnarred.
items by using my coconut shell, trunk or husk.
dear , i am writing you this letter to give you my opinion on computer use.
the last thing you can do is become more healthy.
i believe that libraries should provide any kind of book, magazine, music, and movies to the public, despite if they are found offensive.
and there are several studies that show that books stimulate the human mind and taking away these books would be a crushing blow to those statistics.
these can all help you find answers, pictures, videos and many more!
if there is a certain book, magizine, movie, and music that the child want a parent has to be there with them.
in conclusion, i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
some think computers have a posotive effect on people.
so as you can see computers have many wonderful effects on people.
have you notice that is coming and there is leaves on the tree now?
soon dusk fell.
if we want to erase as being an obese country, then we must get people away from their computer screens.
millions of lives could be made better if libraries pulled off inappropriate media from their shelves
we told and him told him spending to much time on computers is bad for you.
they're hot!
on the other hand arguing isn't.
as a parent it is their responsibility to keep track of what their children are being shown.
also, who would want to get of their and exercise, exercising is so boring and lame.
said , a professor at .
it could be anyone.
moreover, studies show that of people's information is more widely exposed in the last years due to the new chat websites.
thats a lot of many going toward fixing computers.
call up a friend and take a stroll, you do, know you can have fun withour computers.
today, there are many books that teach or give a bad message.
everything is made so simple, theres no need to hire secretary, as employ and more office personals.
is only pleasure when the student will get a phenomenal grade and their surronding classmates won't.
i think this because they help us communicate and video chat with family and friends online, used as a great tool with school work, or work purposes.
the parents on the other hand, might not have wanted their child to know about the topic at such a young age.
you can make a difference in the way people feel about computers.
so then again, i do not believe that any person should have a right to just remove the books that are offensive to them at all.
but you go on the computer and you on website and find your ticket to florida the price will most likely be a couple hundred dollars less.
their advancements push the world foreward to a better place.
might also be sending money by going to the computer and be sending to their family members.
who reads this?
the computer is also fun and easy to use.
he follows the principles of truth, non-violence, and courtesy.
when you are on the computer.
so i think haveing books that some people dont like is a great thing to have in are world.
computers are a great way to communicate with others.
computers are a nice item to have but they are bad if you don't know how to control your time.
no one wants to pay more than they have to in this economy.
but befor you choose think about it.
by typing in exactly what you need to know you can find your information in a heartbeat.
the next morning we went to the famous spot, chail.
people are afraid that they are limiting themselves from interacting to , and spending time enjoying nature.
my dad gose on the computer to talk to his sisters, or play games with other people arount the world.
the computer makes you better at this.
think of this, of kids.
learn about plant and the effect they have on life.
the last reson is we can talk to frteinds and meet new people.
these are common arguements people have, about many places and about simular disagreements.
dear newspaper , i've heard reports from both the news on .v.
put off healthy activatys such as basketball or tennis wich also leaves them socialy behind and lacking he healthy experiences wich leads me to my next point.
another example is, say you haven't seen a close family member or friend in a long time.
for example exercise.
with computers, you can learn about far away places without learing the comfort of your own home.
obesity is a growing problem in today's society, people need to interact with eachother, and we need to get some fresh air.
as you know hand eye coordination is necsicarry for a good driver.
for example you don't have anything to do go on the computer.
this is how people use computers to stay in touch.
education and personality development courses are oriented around disciplining the energies of man to make the best of him.
computers have helped the modern world with questions, long distance friends, and entertainment.
the computers are cool.
once you get onto a computer you never want to get off.
i don't see why she should go to the police, if it was just the person's oponion.
finally parents can set limits on what their own children read.
the most important thing about the use of computers is your safety.
google, wikipedia, or even dictionary.com are the greatest information sites of the .
back then, i guess i only read them because i had nothing better to do, which is horrible because you should read books because you want to.
for example, what if your friend and did not.
computers can effect us this way because there are many things we might never know about our world without them.
so i asked her if i could go tot the public library to get the book and she said that it had been removed from its shelves as well.
the computer can help them with their math homeworks, thier science, and even their sosial studies homework.
, a year old at , says that him and his best friend now only talk over , and they dont even feel like true friends anymore.
another time, my sister, , was visiting her in-laws for the first time.
this is a good way to use the computer because you can track your route you can even print a map and go hiking.
one day he realized he could do this no longer, and got same exercise.
everything is done on computers!
how would they monege anything, that would happen if they did not have any type of computers.
it is in a child's nature.
i am the captain of the basketball team at my school.
it's personally helped me to discover what kind of music, drawings, creations, etc.
this is my reason why people should have computers to enjoy while chating, watching and many other stuff that you can't probably imagine.
so why should we let anyone stop us from being ourselves?
my last reason we get to talk online.
his relationship with others in the family and society give him an identity and provide a psychological satisfaction.
for example i used computers to do my math homeworks that my teacher assigned me.
we all have the certain things we love and hate, we can't eliminate all of the hated things.
the soldier must be ready to overcome any difficulty.
it's that big book of technology on your desk.
next reason is, being on the computer too much can effect most peoples grades.
some people are almost addicted to their .
always give time to life because maybe one day you might hate your self for missing so many wonderful things.
you can use computers for exercise then it is also up to the on limits.
there are thousands of fun games online that can help improve your reflexes and eyesight.
dear i would like to inform the public that using computers isnt so bad.
yes, i mean reading is great, but now having the computer is faster and easier.
an ideal citizen is a thorough gentleman.
computers let you go places that you ordinarilly wouldn't be able to go to.
that is just one way that advances in computer technology have affected people so far.
the thoughts and knowledge of one generation pass to another and they pass through the child.
you must to multi task along with hand eye cordination.
computers are a important part of the future life that isn't harmful or unnessary.
it is no one elses choice besides your own.
mapquest.com is a quick and easy way to help you figure out which way to go.
in conclusion, people should not be on computer too much because of their health and their privacy and also to be sure not to meet strange people.
computers can be used to interact with another.
that why i think computers are a good thing.
i believe that all books in a library have a purpose.
just because i want to read the book does not mean you have to.
we had comfortable seats near the windows.
please re think your decission about getting rid of the bad music , books , and movies.
computers are a wonderful household object to have that make life easier in many ways.
like the program excel, created this to make a simple way to organize data.
many pepole think that offensive material should be removed from the libary because children could pick then up and look in them.
although chat rooms on computer can be useful, they can do also be dangerous.
the only thing the kid will want to do is play on the computer and he will gain weight.
my second reason is that people could be on the computers and still interact with their family because they live with each other.
a huge purpose of computers is to keep in touch.
everyday people are being digitally sucked in.
my many local in the town of .
if he had not charmed her with his knowledge from the computer.
lastly, computers are harmful because they also a deadly we open.
thank you for your time.
but, they shouldn't argue over it because, like i said before, the author probably didn't mean for it to be offensive.
i was isolated and was desperately trying to find someone to be my friend.
we use books everyday, for students we use them to learn and for a entertainment during someclasses.
the computer allows us to talk to friends or family while they are away or even home.
in doing so, the library, i believe, will become a better environment to all those who wish to access and use it.
she simply grab her computer, and the information is delivered to her with the click of a button.
he sent men, women, and childeren to his many death camps and work camps.
not only does it lower the risk of the letter not getting there, but it is also much quicker.
many people go to libraries; such as children, parents, and grandparents.
there is no bad effect of computers.
communicating with friends is also important and computers offer many different ways of doing it.
who wouldn't want to talk to friends or family that haven't been heard from?
some people believe that computers teach hand-eye coordination, and it can but there are better ways to get it.
this is why computer are a distraction to everyone because you don't want to exercise, play outside, or spend time with the family.
his friends will call him and he'll blow them off until he finishes his game.
you log on to your many accounts, open some chat boxes with your friends & start researching for your project.
father explained that her mother needed her there to look after her because, her was into some heavy drugs at the time.
i fyou saw an old man walking down the street yelling out obtrusive things, you would be mad and tell him to quit.
also, living this secluded lifestyle can cut off ties with your friends and family.
you can chat with your friends, you have a webcam you can video chat with friends.
with some computers, you can even see and talk to any person you wish.
computers have dictionaries, references, translators, encyclopedias, or even history pages that hold massive informatiion.
i personally i don't agree with computer use of all.
i thank you for listening to my opinon and i hope that it change's your point of living a life without computers
do you still think offensive books should be pulled from shelfs?
in fact, out of people have been scammed some time in their life i can clearly remember when someone.
if the books or magazine would start being taken off the selves then we would have less ways to research or learn certain things.
like i said before, one person might not like the book or other source but another person might like it.
he woulden't have to go look up a number and call me, he could just send me a message of the internet.
books or music with comments such as that should have notes written on them stating what they contain.
i dont see any reason why to take books off the shelves.
i know alot of people like to spend time with their friends and family.
there are many places on the internet where you can meet new people.
we have them at home, at or at our work.
so what are you waiting for go out and go your computer today!
i have pen-friends among intellectual, artistes, actors, dancers, scientists and university professors.
have you ever been gazing out the car window when you just found yourself being sucked into all the beauty that nature has to offer?
i believe that the effects a computer has on a person, are good effects.
i myself strongly belive they everyone should choose what they want to learn about, and then have the freedom to do that.
so i can see what too much computer time can do.
the can talk to other the world.
dear newspaper, you see, owning a computer can effect you.
it is one of the gratest books ever written, but it was written before the civil war and there is a racist comment in it.
this defenetly shows that communicating with computers is very important.
the more advanced computers become, the more advanced people are.
well you can go online and buy whatever you need at the store.
when it is raining outside your parents are at work and you are by yourself and have nothing to do, turn on the computer.
we need computers in life to help us do jobs, communicate with family or friends traveling the world, and for research on homework.
it brings a whole package.
on time it might take your just over a minute.
dear newspaper people, you might heard on the new, more and more people thing computers are the benefits of society.
people without computres have to search through books to find information on their topic.
in conclusion, you can see the negative effect computers have on people.
they have freedom of speech, and we have a right to know.
what, with all the fun stuff you can do, who can blame them?
all you have to do is go to www.google.com, and look it up!
well i am saying you should go on it and search were you want to go.
dear local newspaper, have you ever used a computer?
they akk to feel like they are going to cause they dont have their computer.
this can help us because it allows us to talk to friends and family from around the world.
they can find research, online schools, and online shopping stores.
some times that is a bad thing though, but who hasn't mad a mistake or two?
over of adults complain that never enough time in day.
you can find whatever your looking for in a library whether its on how to do hair to the hitsory of the .
if we neglect any body part, then the whole body suffers.
get out your chair, turn off the computer get up.
when adults or unmarried people see their favorite actors being naughty on television, it makes it seem right.
i don't think anything should be removed unless it directly causes harm to people
the sweet memories of this period are glorious.
school children should try to become gentlemen someday.
she felt so bad that she committed sucide.
this not good because your not familliar with the person your talking too.
they don't want to go out and get exercise and play around.
you are your own person and that won't ever change.
so in conclusion you dont have to spend a lot of money to tell a friend something.
i soon got chubby and gained about lbs!
sometimes they have to choose between and it depends on how graphic things are.
if one is offended by a certain material, all they simply must do, is not look at it.
if they don't get exercise anytime when you're not on a computer it can deffinately shows.
why is it offensive and how is it offensive?
maybe you have used the computer to type information for your newspaper.
do you remember school projects sitting down bored and watching your stations or sitting in the doctors office waiting bored out of your mind?
while i read that book it had alot of offensive language and alot of graphic not only in the book but in the movie to.
this is just one reason i support computers.
if you took a book off of a shelf, that could be the book someone really needs.
dr. the told , ""the massive amounts typing on the keyboard can lead to joint problems, arthrietis, and other joint related problems.""
did you have a choice on whether or not you watched and/or read the item?
my last reason was you can meet people.
lastly, you are able to type stories instead of hand-writing them.
with a computer you can get emails that get deliveres to the person right after being sent.
dear local newspaper, of own computer.
many people believe computers are bad but how can you make friends if you can never talk to them?
you won't get bored on the type of games they have.
authors have the right to express themselves and the right to have their works equally acknowledged by the public.
statistics show that of the kids that stay on the computer for a long time end up either failing a class or staying rack.
some books in libraries offend others.
you need to gather information for a project you're presenting in school, but how are you going to find aout about your topic quickly and easily?
i don't believe a certain book is offensive to everyone, just certain people.
and your an learn a lot from computer!!
but then, she was full-blown addicted.
also you don't prepare for sports it can make you not play up to your potential.
it lets you see how people are and what the place looks like with a virtual tour.
he says the average grade for kids with a computer is an a. but the average grade for kids a computer is a +.
computers can find every answer to your questions.
some music might be to bad for some chlidrens ears.
people the computer is something good and cool.
a recent article found on , showed that online chat programs helped people communicate with each other.
some students are so addicted to computers they never go outside!
censorship is not entirely necessary because people will always find something that they are not exactly looking for or interested in.
is they just don't want to agknowladge other people's' choices, feelingings, opinions, etc.
a major reason that modern technologie has hur t our nation, is that there is an immence lack of communication and interaction between families.
the thrid and last reason why sometimes computers can be bad for you is weight gain.
some people are offensive but you must remember they are entitled to their opinion.
he builds castles of sand and feels very happy.
everyone should have a because you can play any types of game.
i walked into my living room.
these reasons support why we need to have computers.
what if it messes up their childhood?
when you sit on a computer you dont get off of for a while, why, because you are haveing fun.
i agree that computers are having a positive impact on us.
certain books, movies, magazines, etc.
the inernet can let you do many things.
or do you think computers can be great, as long as you're careful?
, 's, mom says ""he locks himself in his room, goes straight to his laptop, and starts eating.
any isle of books was open to anyone, i felt that i had the world in the palm of my hand.
useing a computer to learn is wonderful too.
but don't ruin it for the rest of us
mother's worry that the next time they have a barbeque, won't be in his room, playing on his computer like last time.
don't stare at the computer screen, because your slowly destroying your body, and knowledge can be gained elsewhere.
lastly, you can use a computer for world news.
of people including teachers agree with this.
computers, as you can tell, are extremely helpful, easy, and fun to use.
or what if your computer brakes?
once we were finished with our assignments, we could play type to learn .
all these reasons and more are why i believe that computers benefit our society.
therefore, i believe that censorship for childrens' books is a responsibilty of the parent.
most kids come home from school and go on aim.
you can even simply use it to help with homework essays.
when students go on the computer they can chat with friends.
where things that were considerd bad even years ago are ok today to be veiwed read listened to and so on.
there is one thing, however that really sticks out in my mind; .
all of them are about people who do drugs, are suicidal, and do sexual related things.
i even became friends with them.
most people do not like to wait for the newspaper to arrive to read about the fastest news.
from derragatory content, to unhealthy youth, to innacurate research.
it will also help us learn about new things because we can talk to people and they could give us some ideas on what to learn about.
if someone else doesn't like horror and you do, and they take it off of the shelves, how mad would you be.
first of all, computers helps people find information quicly.
there are so many things to do on the computer that just doesn't make you bored.
also if people really want to exercise then they can go on there computer and go to youtube and od exercise from there computer.
my conclusion is that with computer you could have a better life.
it all depends on the person.
the major cereals are rice, wheat, millet, oat, barley, maize and corn.
he doesn't talk to anyone because he is so preoccupied with his game.
it was at the when i was years old.
he's over hours away and i can still email him back saying, "", did you make a friend.""
to communicate with my friends i use email or aim.
not everyone in the world today is going to agree on whats offensive and whats not.
we just get used to all of it and do not take it the wrong way.
in the winter you can see if your school has cancelled in seconds.
its fun on a cruise ship captains dinner and meet people and sights.
almost all the people get leisure time but they do not know how to utilize it.
almost over of jobs out in the world relie on the technology of a computer.
all of these are great alternatives to sitting at the computer screen, looking at pictures of nature.
i agree with the experts who think that we should spend more time outdoors with friends and family.
proffessor says ""people that use a computer are much more coordinated than any othe person, it is a great discovery.""
ya not everyone is into a sexual book but there are some people out there that like to read about that stuff.
as i mentioned before, when the police officer came to our school he talked about this.
nothing can beat the feeling being with friends or family and just having fun.
helps students do there school work.
i could not learn much on the first day.
lastly the known, word!
i guess if it really really bothered you, and there was a lot more people that felt the same way about the same thing then yes remove it.
to a poll taken by 's of many high ranning industries, said that their business revolves around the internet.
there was pushing and pulling.
just because it is found offensive by some does not mean it is offensive to all.
they help people find lost fmaily members, and they help police officers find many criminals.
the computer is a very valuable too!
so in conclusion computers are not over used, they are just used for so many things that at some point every one will nead one.
they do not think before doing a thing.
and thise days, any way to save money is a good one!
in our socity computers have a big role.
there are so many authors whom i like.
computers are helpful piece of technology and one of the best.
our culture was loosing territory but as years past cultures and started to work together. ""
books help people in many ways.
just rember the three good reason why are you could use the wonderful and lovly outdoors.
such as age.
these indulged in the online world are less interactive and showed more signs of depression in recent studies.
it also means you can email that walk to a teacher or notes a friend who might have missed school that day.
stories from grandparents only take a person back about years; we need sources that can take us back thousands of years.
for the same reasons, safety stop education, sites that are not appropriate to see.
we can be the huge dangerous preditors going for the prey.
catching and throwing is a big part in alot of sports and thats all hand-eye coordination, and where do you think you get from practice and computer games.
computers have software were you can instant message, send emails, or even video chat with that person.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
i am not saying to stop using computers.
they can set rules for their children, saying they only see rated movies, or they have to have parental consent to read a magazine or novel.
when you play computer games, it gives you even more hand-eye coordination, that was only the first three reasons.
you can past messages, play games or simply talk to someone on these websites.
in the evening, i go to play with my friends.
we make the start of great things with these.
another part of society that has been advancing is crime solving.
the point you can't replace family and friends with a computer screen.
dear local news, more and more people use computers people ask if computers actually benifit society.
i agree that computers benefit society and every day lifes.
if you ask anyone they will tell you that having a computer is very important and necessary.
other people think that this is a great idea to use a lot of computer and spend more on it then their families.
now think how you write an email sitdown and move your fingers.
wouldn't you agree that spending time on the computer takes away half of your life?
but to your dismay computers do teach hand eye coordination.
furthermore, if we cut back on our hours on the computer we will have a better chance to expeirence the wonder's mother nature has to offer us.
i thoughy i would never talk to him again.
they need to go out and enjoy nature.
if you want to go on vacation you can get your hotel tickets even your plane train, or boat ticket online.
nature, is being ignored , more than ever.
without computers would you be able to learn about the earth quake in chile.
well i would like to state my opinion if that is good with you.
secondly, !!!
an orange tree grows big as the mango tree.
i believe that libraries shouldnt be censored becuase people take offense to something.
to many today are sitting down in front of a computer, laptop, ecetra, while not enough are lacing up their shoes for a jog.
my brother was smart enough to know that what he was being told wasnt accurate at all.
they need something to listen to.
different sections in the library can be available to certain age groups.
if people where to take away things that offended them in librarys what would be left of the shelfs?
two weeks ago i took my year old niece to our local public library to find her a book.
another statistic should that you know and use computers you would live longer and happier.
as a western middle school students, i know the amount of projects and research we are required to do per class.
firstly, spending too much time on the computer affects your activity level.
since we are all different.
all your friends are in something, wouldn't you want to as well?""
computers are an amazing, and new technology.
let's just say, you managed to go to a library, but apparently there were only books on , out of which were checked out.
adults need them for their jobs, like sending emails or typing a proposal.
since you probably haven't changed your mind here is another thing way computer bad, your car.
""all he does is play on the computer all day long.""
they were able to catch the man.
when my family was planning our trip to in we used the computer constantly.
so take into reconsideration if there is a war going on for a miss understanding.
sure camping in a tent and catching dinner isn't for everyone.
ididnt think so.
if they was getting bullyed over that internet or concern them to kill them or hurty them.
and, it's a good way to help friends and be there for them.
in my own read's, i have found at times stuff i disagree with.
i rairly change my ways though.
the world is an opinionated place, if it were not we would have nothing.
theirs always something to do or a place to go.
in conclusion, society needs computers in order to look up info, as well as talk with friends and co workers.
they communicate with each other with using sounds like clicks and whistles.
taking something down befor even reading it your self is stupied on be hafe of your part becasue maby other people like and maby you like it who knows.
on the computer you can find almost any game you want to play.
plus i know a lot people who feel the same way.
it can contribute to obesity, turn you into a couch potato, and can take away from your social life.
books that teachers would like to give to there class to read.
for example, some are still upset over slavery, and that happened over a .
man must know his foundation and where he comes from.
also, of says that students that communicate with their families during college have better relationshops after college.
and really the computer could do horrible things you and this person are freinds could break you guys forever.
they tame and teach
i read books that contain rape, and other sexual acts but i've never done it only read about it.
i feel that not having computers will in a way educate people more so than now.
computer can give people fast reflexes and helps people in sports.
parents argue that these books should be removed from the libraries.
traffic came to a standstill.
the only thing that kept me away from the grasp of boredom during the trip was my portable computer, that i played games and watched movies on.
kids are kids.
""the creation of created a new revolution of way of communicating"" a young student of . ""
i think that removing books from a library that are offensive shouldn't be allowed, first off because people have different taste on the books they read.
dear , computers have both negative and positive affects on people.
so many uses for the computer.
furthermore, this is just one given reason on why computers are positive towards everyone's benefit.
if they had read the book they'd would have understood, it wasn't ment to be offensive, but a fictional story of .
so go, go, go, have yourself some fun.
i look at it as a way of art expression that shows how people think and respond to things
the second reason is computers allow us to learn about far away places.
although there are some positive computers can be dramatic.
it was a great occasion for socializing.
you don't get excise you won't be healthy!
for example rumors.
it even happens to adults, my mom was on the computer for about an hour and she felt like it was only a few mins.
my home offers affection, security and happiness for my life and i am very round of my home.
this greatly affects his family.
people never have enough time for activities.
you can not always make everyone happy.
people say that computers waste our lives.
and make everyday tasks simple.
should libraries remove offensive reading material?
the child will probably want something that relates to a television show or a movie of some sort.
computers allow people from around the world to interact with friends and family.
if we had books, it wouldn't have been enough to give to us all & that would mean we would have to share.
first off as i said before i don't think the books should be removed; but some people not like my opinion.
his friends call him oli.
his computer, would have a month's worth of work and learning to make up which would have been overwhelming.
computers require you to type, which is a great skill.
for example, you can search online and they just have pictures food.
if people don't have great pendmanship, they can use a computer to type essays, homework, and school projects.
for example, many books have been written over history that convey hatred and discrimination towards other cultures, ethnicities, religions, and lifestyles.
the internet has all sorts of fun games and websites.
in fact, a girl in committed suicide due to cyber bulling just weeks ago.
computers also allow people to store important files and pictures in places that won't get lost.
and lets get on with the whole offensive thing i think everone should be mature about all the negative stuff people can say even if it is hurtfull.
you could use facebook if you want to talk to friends or videochat also to talk to friends.
people learn too much on it.
have you ever had a paper assigned one day and due the next?
""i'm sorry , but we can't fly out to to see .
i believe computers are supposed to be used for positive things not negative things.
if they call it a 'media center,' then why censor any media.
people will be less offended because they won't unexpectingly pick up a book and be offended.
i bet if every one took a break from computer new spicies would be found or maybe even a cure for canser.
if you have a dog you should take for a walk or walk with your freinds.
i'm going to tell you the advantages and disadvantages to computers.
and discovering the latest news.
like one second they are happy and once they get off the computer they are sad.
and they find a big shpere and they go in it and get these powers and they imagin it and it comes true.
because there is no logical reason for not to have a vote on what affects them.
we must also think of what the childern want to read.
last year, we had a science assignment to figure out how our heart beats faster.
when he's playing a game, a girl him, "" at my pic.
i can understand people thinking that computers take away from family time but so would a book.
if they look for books and can not find a subject that interests them they will not read.
i'm sure that everyone who has a computer does.
as you can see if people can live with that then we can definantly handle an offensive book.
there are all kinds of computers, but they all do the same thing.
going to the library is just as useful if not more useful than going on the internet.
all of these results are long term which causes you life to be okay.
first off, let me point out that computers are useful multi-purpose tools.
todays news is always with exciting events and horrible disaters that many people like to be updated with.
libraries are places to learn and explore the different sources that are inside.
so with the computer computer.
you mcan e-mail your work to a friend or save it to your computer so if.
it is pretty cool because you don't have to travel there to talk to them.
what need to is get together and unite.
the computer gives us access to a lot of knowledge, and will make us more of people around the world.
there are a variety of computer games.
furthermore, people think that the computer is their everything.
people spend less time outside they don't look at any of the butey anymore.
for example, not playing sports such as soccer, vollyball, and tennis.
many adults in and othe countries are business men and woman.
for adult who don't have a myspace or facebook account they can use email, msn, aol, aim/aol instant messager, or via chat.
hockey is played with eleven players on each side.
book-fair can contribute in bringing harmony among different cultures and encourage goodwill and tolerance.
it helps people navagate through life, they can find jobs, do research for school.
this way you want go to place not knowing if jobs are available and seeing none.
dear : computers have a negitive affect on people and their to connect with others because they always are on the computer and never outside.
on the whole i feel society would be better off without computers.
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work i abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everybody else.
it seemed as if they had used up all their abusive vocabulary and were about to come to blows.
i don't believe computers are a good thing.
he fights for his country and people.
i do not think books , music, movies, magazines etc... should be removed because they are offensive.
without this, we would have no communication with him.
both of these things you can do without a computer.
you could play talk to people like your friends.
because of these people, we think that the media is repsonsible for the wrong in the world of .
this is a serious concern to our health.
also buiseness use it to comunicate with corprat uses a wide stance of technoligy they rec got a whole bunch of apples.
so you can see computers have a negative effect because people don't get enough time to enjoy nature.
and these are reason to show how computers aren't harmful in anyway.
also for businesses, their stocks of the company can be updated every minute.
how cool is seeing your friend when your not together?
no computers and people could quickly start enjoying nature more often.
it's not liuke we have never heard them words.
for example, if you we addicted to computers, then there is a large chance you will get glasses someday in your life.
you'd get off, but you have another app request.
now a world where people jog together in the park, as they jog, they see a group of bird watchers huddled together under a tree.
for example: could be a young child wanting to check-out a movie that looks interesting to him/her.
insteed of all those fun interacting activities people decide to go on facebook, myspace, twitter, youtube, addicting games, and whatever else they could find.
not so quick though as people can prove that they can put anything back as well.
the next day she is on happy you are connected.
computer make busnes much easier, espically with the busness monoging and file keeping programs that are oidible.
computers can do many things like play game, listen to music, watch videos, and chat with your friends.
but, most of all, there are so many cool things you can do on a computer.
sometimes we get project spend most of them involve research!
i understand, there are some age limits that should be inforced becuase of some of the fowl nature of them.
in my opinion, they should not censor books.
they also forget who their family is and never contact each other at all.
that are for more of the adult group and more of the teenage/children group.
your relationship with you family could be in jeoporady because you insist on using your computer.
just as a babies mind is a sponge it still continues to gather all of the information it possibly can during its pre-teen years.
of people 't even ""laugh out loud"" they send that to their friends.
it keeps people all over the world connected and helps them learn.
since most students are familiar with computers, they enjoy working with them more than writing.
another good thing that you could play games with your friends like all types shooting games racing sport arcade all type.
overall, computers have a positive effect.
every day at least once or twice or somtimes even more people use the computer for hours on end.
other people like the book you hate.
magazines are like books, they are meant to be enjoyed.
if you dont like looking at it then turn the other way.
some people say that other people take too long on the computer but you don't have to.
some people use the computer for there education.
people complain about explicit content in novels when in actuality, there are many novels without explicit content.
i love drawing.
all the teachers in my school are hard-working.
obviously if you are or younger, you most likely won't have identification.
even though it is a really good book and a lot of read it.
computers benefit people all over the world.
computers are good because they help kids learn, communicate with others, and help teach responsibility.
that is why computers have a negative effect on people.
i also know first hand the rewards of being clean from this harmful drug per say.
even if they are miles away you can click a button and have a live video chat!
they even ship your item fast.
so in conclusion, i think it should be reader and viewer discretion when it comes to content of things as this.
imagine, sitting outside under the brilliant fall sun as leaves of red, yellow, and green dance with the wind.
your getting exercise & exploring nature too.
rights are something guarenteed to students as the enter school, buty now rights are slowly being taken away from students.
wether it's waiting for a friend to come online or your trying to get to level of "" "", they can get you hooked.
and just so you know more, i'll even tell you about these things.
we have the technology, why not use it?
sometimes they use or wikipedia.
hopfully you under and realize my point of view.
off the shelves just because of certain people.
but i am happy that i could learn to ride at last.
that doesn't mean they should be taken away.
not to mention, typing a paper is a lot neater.
for one thing if you need to find out a important fact date or time.
first, in the present society everybody has different views and opinions on things that should be discussed.
the computer supplies pictures, sounds, and interactive activities that really help kids out.
example, can study their math facts online math or learn about the skeletal system health classes.
so how you feel if your favorite book was gone from all libraries?
second of all why you should believe that computers have a positive effect on people is that computers helps you learn more about different parts of the world.
they benefit mankind by forming alluvial soil but they also cause tremendous havoc to human life and property.
is ridiculous that we are forgetting how to use the proper grammar of the language.
plus sex makes books better.
thanks for my reason about computer building skill, having info and fun.
another example is when your on the computer you can listen to music and talk to friends or read.
were both online one day and i searched his name to see if he had an account.
the visit was an unforgettable experience.
censorship seems like a great idea at first thought!
we can go and find out if something serious happened, like the earthquake in haiti.
i know i do!
on search engines they have websites, pictures, movies, maps and more.
well after you read this i don't thing you would want to.
to the local newspaper, computers have a heavy impact on, todays society.
in which the library would be harrassed for not letting the child check it out.
people can learn various facts right from their computers.
we shouldn't be taking it all off library shelves just because it is offensive to some people.
i think that it is safe to admit that we don' need this.
also, people use the computer more than they use exercise machines, bicycles, or scooters.
another reason is that you can get a lot of information from the computer are so many websites that provide answers to all your questions.
i don't think music should be censored just for little kids.
keep reading for more information.
they are also known to have a very good memory.
libraries are suppose to hold positive material on the shevles.
computers can be very helpful to many people.
some people say that computers are a bad influence on .
what they don't know is all the research engines like google, netrekker, ,etc.
but another reason is that begging has become quite a paying profession.
they put staff like there adress and don't pay attention who how is sending them friend request.
i do not think so.
or get email with is like getting real mail but from an computer.
even if a family cant go on a vacation they can still find from their computer cheeper closer things to do.
the computer is also a great way to practice and get better using your hand-eye coordination.
monitoring would also come in handy when it comes to innapropriate videos, pictures, and discussions on the internet.
i think computers have become part of our daily life.
how times have you seen those harmony commercial that claim to have brought two singles together to make a happy couple?
odds are you have, which means you know how convienient and positive computers are.
you can also have a facebook or myspace to chat and learn more about people.
there are serten things that can be in though's movies.
rather than searching the internet for hous to find a good online source to support your thesis paper go to the library!
sometimes we use books, but the way most people use is online researching.
computers are also a good form of entertianment.
they love to eat sugarcanes.
computers also saved people becase they didn't need to buy paper to make textbooks.
it is that many people are buying computers, so why don't you get one?
if you are going somewhere for, you can use the computer to find a plane.
third, if you don't like what the books say then don't get the book.
today, however, people use technology to find this information.
computers are espicially important to students and teachers.
out of gas and you need to go to the library before it closes.
would you rather live to or live to .
i know i would become angry if that would happen to me.
you gotta love it!?
i do not agree.
once again i must streach the negative affect of computers to.
furthermore, computers are on advancement in technology that this uses constantly.
ever since the , computers have been used as an ad for new information.
these are the three effects computers has on people allows you look up information, gives you something to do.
computers hold the world at your finger lips.
i think this for a few different reasons.
kids who spend hours or emailing their peers spend less time with their families.
i want to see them.
he asid yes, so i grabbed it from him and looked at the rating because from the title picture it looked gory.
the problem is, many people are on way too much.
children have a tendency of showing off to friends.
now is the time to decide, wheither people should be able to play on the computer day to night.
one important fact is that you always need to excersise instead of lamping around.
let's face it.
i never could type but i caught on because if you are having fun while you it will be easy to turn.
people will just play and play all day long.
television is basically the same for movies.
if a person thinks that a book is offensive then they should just walk away and find a different book.
the sky was studded with stars.
people can use a webcam, aim, or email to communicate with other people.
so you go to your computer from there.
you can play games online or with 's.
shielding your children from it will only hinder their progress in figuring things out and learning to think for themselves as adults.
a lot of times in families, instead of spending time together.
thats why removing books from shelves arn't cause for.
so he starts to drink an dlater died of alchol posing.
censorship is illegal where we live.
the computer technology have contecll over a huge population of recae.
computers provide many forms of entertianment, such as games, music, and videos.
if a certain person doesn't like a book's reputation, all they have to do is not read it.
i love keeping in touch with my distent family and friends.
online predators lurk as many comers, and your personal information and identity can easily be stolen.
of have never gone out into nature.
now, the internet contains many social networking sites, such as , , and where you can reunite with lost pals.
not exercising can lead to abesity, which damages joints terribly.
aim is just one of many private chat rooms that is avalible to people.
also some say computers can tell you about far away places but that what school is for.
it would be easier for people who are offended to stay away from the ones they don't want to be around.
(you know) reason why is because you can end up somewhere where you did not even need to go to.
it could teach you a lot but it canot do it you and i love you.
for every assignment practically, students use google or bing.
would you want the teacher teaching you or you teaching the teacher!
i've heard parents say they barely see their kids because their always either doing homework.
i remember when i was in grade and my father was across the world on a business trip.
set up programs at your house or town for turning off the computers.
many individuals are spending too much on their computer and less time working out or exercising.
but we can’t live without water.
when you learn something new like a rat is as big as a house.
for example, here, we learn and .
thank you computer gods!
people need more time to interact with their family.
the computers have so many stupid activities that are not needed which make us not excercise because many people think that the options and webpages are important and needed.
with a webcam you can even see the other person as if you here face-to-face with them.
another good thing about computers is they are good at teaching people hand-eye coordination.
computers are an addicting thing that can cause less excersising and less communication which is proven to support a healthy life style.
people that want to say something about what the language is like in the book should not have checked it out.
we can find out there language as well maybe they talk spanish like in .
we are indebted to our soldiers for their noble service.we must always respect our soldiers and encourage them.
she had a website named to learn.
you could go on the internet and see what is going on from the internet.
for example if you had a loved one in the military you could use the computer to communicate with him with a webcam.
right to speak freely; to watch what they please; and so on.
computers give the ability for familys to communicate wether its aim or a webcam chat.
i hope that my kid whats to be something that he likes to do when he grows up.
there is no reason why people should not be able to access material that is not against the law.
wouldn't you like to find a hotel or resteraunt with a click of a button?
okay, so what you can talk fo your friend and family over the computer.
computers could also be used for bad reasons.
search up on .com of course!
when i asked my father about it, he explained that our food might harm the animals.
so why take it out of libraries.
the country of europe to the is over miles and every time you make a call it can lead to alot of big kills.
when the eight grade did reports their information.
there are thirty-four classrooms.
i asked. ""
the marvelous things about computers is the speed of them.
computers are almost everywhere in phones, i-pods, and even some are put in car like police cars.
it is hard to believe that we ever had a peaceful day without any violence.
you could search up a lot of stuff.
as a conclusion, wasting your life on the computer is bad and can hurt your life in many ways.
i personally think they are brain-washing us and pretty soon the world is going to be one giant computer.
i believe everyone has their own choice when it comes to taking a book off a shelf.
i would like to that the i for sitting and reading my essay.
this is very convenient.
in conclusion, i think that computers have a positive effect on society.
most parents just want to keep their kids in a safe, harmless enviroment.
it is the same with the health and functions at our bodies.
censorship should be decided by the person themselves and should not have it decided for them.
computers inducieng cyberbulling.
pedophiles use the internet to trick children in to giving their address.
they are much healthier that i.ming your friends all day.
when we can injoy want we have in live not just with computers but with our family.
i always allow my mother or father to read books, listen to music, and watch movies with me.
after school kids usually do homework or go out with friends.
they poll the customers and see what they think, they do nothing at all, or they remove the item to keep the person happy.
when does anyone even write about offending things lately anyway?
he also mentioned to my sister how much exersize was loosing all because wanted to play online.
censorship, thats a word that causes alot of arguements in today's society.
the people all over india rallied around him.
magazines can put false information out so people will believe it.
some people are just too busy to even try to fit it in their schdule to go to the library.
at some places, they are used to carry heavy loads.
therefore, i do not belive that books in libraries should be censored.
many families have spent thousands thousands of dollars on buying the computers and them fixed.
start doing things that people cant do on the computer.
you dont want to watch rated movies then dont rent it.
in history because he killed people.
changeing around so quickly and without still have time to stop and smell the roases?
each of these according to many parents has good reason to be removed from our libraries.
even though all teens act like it's not important and that their old enough to see all this, somethimes their probably not.
today, a lot of younger children about + have seen, watched, or read something that had profanity in it or inapropriate conduct in it.
now that you know let's move on the second reason.
finally, computers give people the ability to talk to other people online.
his relationship with others in the family and society give him an identity and provide a psychological satisfaction.
i hope you now understand my position on computers.
there are alot of books, and movies that i don't care for but i wouldn't ask for them to be banned.
i think that this is great.
those are the noises of pinball on my computer.
it's been brought to my attension that the government is worried about people using them to much.
lastly, let's look at what you can do in the computer when you are bored.
without it, it's just plain weird spending all day on a computer.
students can read and borrow all types of books.
just take the books off the schools and pubic librarys selfs.
no matter how bad they are their informational books and we need them to learn
instead of going to a restaurant and ordering off we'll order of computers/touch screans.
people can also use it for horrible things like selling or buying drugs or illegal things.
farmers use many machines in agriculture.
the government of a country is there for keeping an order.
as you can see computers are very important.
now, they choose to surf the web instead.
i could go on forever about forms of comunication on the internet.
also, they aren't interacting with family and friends that much.
for example computers make it easier to reaserch far away people and places.
it's not because their dead!
computers can be helpful by helping you with homework or find information.
it can be useful to both adults and children.
one time i was having trouble with fraction, in math.
go their and hangout with friends interact with them.
or tag or just running around?
it seems to me that people need different activities to get them off the computers.
yes you can look us the green spotted tree from on the internet, but its nothing like in nature and is real life.
my third reason to why i feel we should keep computers is.
also when it comes time to pay taxes, fill them out and pay on line.
and that's is more inappropriatefor kids.
it is crowded with
its the best way for people to learn what life is really like.
exercising can be an important benefit to someone's life.
for magazines they should have all types of magazines.
when surveyed, of people voted that when they have a question about something the computer is the most convinent item to use.
there are also a lot of magazines, music, and movies.
from my experience is that it's ok, but if it gets out of hand then i just leave it and go to the next thing.
that is why i don't think offensive material should be removed.
you could just about anything in the picture search engine.
dear , don't have an affect on people because you can play games, webchat, and watch hilarious videos on the computers.
take interest in their life and shower love unconditionally on them.
i think that it is cridical for our youth to know about it.
secondly we have gained amazing hand-eye cordination skills.
she finish her typed essay in hour while love friend finished in an /2 hours because she hand wrote it.
if you wanted to you could plan a day to go and see her.
when i get home i check the homework and talk to my friends online.
computers affect people in a positive way.
also just buying the computer isn't all of it.
you know what hows about a trip to or or .
these are the reasons why i think libraries shouldn't be allowed to decided what materials and subjects are put on their shelfs.
dear local newspaper, spending too much time on the computer is never a good thing.
also if people don't like the book at the library then no one told them thay have to go meaning their opion really doesn't matter
nature is amazing, and you should be outside enjoying it, not cooped up in a stuffy room leaning over a man-made machine.
take away from your computer and go outside.
dear , in the past ten years, advances in technology have completely changed the world.
computers are very helpful in many ways.
why not start learning in a nice, calm, relaxing township library
i believe censorship is wrong in every aspect, but i also believe that materials that are offensive, or unappropiate for certain ages can be controlled.
if you've everyone to you know that the lime can be hrs long.
, computer technician, informs. ""
they say that they spend hours on the computer and less time exercising enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
first reason is they give the ability to learn about people and places in the world.
teenagers should also be moniterd.
you add a friend and you will tell you what has .
instead of goind to your library spending minutes.you can simply open up you internet and then search it and find the info you need in seconds.
unfortunatley, he knew nothing about .
nature is a thing of beauty & if you don't enjoy appreciate it, it'll turn into something hideous.
its nice to meet up with someone you havent talked to in a while sometimes.
so computers do have a good point to it.
it also benefits society because in a couple years everything will be computers.
for instance intead of reading through dozens of books you could just search it on the internet for the answers.
who says the only way to contact or communicate with someone is through letters or the phone?
as the joggers proceed, they come to a pavilion and see a big family celebrating the of a family member.
not only does computers allow you to communicate quickly but also privately.
the material that be found innapropriate or offensive be viewed differently given two different audiences.
another way it improves hand-eye coordination is by learning to click and react to different things effectively.
another reason is learning.
that is very dangerous because your cholesterol will rise.
finally, really do benefit society because you can use this technology in middle school, high school, and through college.
this unnecessary usage computers can cause obesity, expose children to mappropriate things & destroy family time.
i dont you want a happy and successful life?!
with all these physical weaknesses he
the back up lights come on and we all go to the lobby area.
he thinks they're harmless but that's not what his mother thinks.
more buisnesses are being held at their households because of this easy going technology.
on the computer if you go online you can maybe talk to someone by their email address.
at the time i didn't understand why she wasn't able to read such fantastic books.
there are two kinds of oranges some oranges are very sour.
they are a magnificent thing.
because those things are important for everybody whether you read or not.
not to mention all the jail space that would be needed for people smuggling inappropriate material to buyers.
but i think that is wrong.
still take my suggestions seriously and continue to use your computer.
when it comes to music these days, it seems they always sing about love, being hurt physically and mentally, and so on.
all of these reasons prove to be a positive reason to use the computer.
i like buying off the internet.
thirdly they allow people to communicate, so go ahead, take it away, but see what happens when you do.
although many some say that computers are not good for society, most know that life without computers would be a disaster.
that is why i strongly believe that people spend to much time on computers rather than.
so in all, i would have to agree that computers have a positive effect on society.
computers can be a great thing it can show you different parts of the world and breaking news, it can deside your next vacation.
these are just some of the things you can do with computer.
lastly, i think books that are different to everyone and can be interpreted differently.
and, computers could help with gaining more general knowledge quicker.
you can also book flights for far away trips and buy cars and other items off the internet.
computers do not benefit our society today.
a second reason that going outside is important is for the sun.
censorship in libraries are alot of things on the library shelves that you be concerned about.
for example, in seventh grade i moved from to .
an example at the program can help us that they let us look information, play game, help with our homework.
talking online is just as fast as texting.
when i was about years old i loved to play on the computer i thought that this was just a game.
if we let everybody take books off the shelves, then there will be none left.
one time i sign up for this website that was called myspace.
but, you stay home to webcam with your aunt.
but the public library has alot of different things and than a school library.
if we place censorship on one book everyone has a right to ban other books as well.
just think about it anything you can do on a computer you can do without a computer.
freedom of speech, freedom of happiness should be implyed with the pursuite to find a book that feeds the hunger of one person.
you would hop on a computer and check it out.
and the better part is you 't have to share any personal details ( , phone number etc..) to chat on facebook.
computers are greatly necessary for people to communicate and enable people to make plans with simply and effectively.
well i think the opposite of that opinion.
soon the roads were flooded.
you way use your typingskills to talk with others, and share your opinions with them.""
i had to skip through my lessons in english to make up for the lost time.
dear newspaper, you know a lot of people now a days are constintly on the computer, and many people think its a problem.
many experts believe that computers are taking away time with family and friends but with websites like it is actually adding time.
but spending too much time online can damage you social activity levels.
it is better to use love and non-violence.
i encourage you to agree with me that computers can put one safety at risk decrease their education of nature and ruin their social life.
it beats faster when we run or walk fast.
it allows you to do simple or complex math in just less than seconds.
there is no reason why you shopuld have any compliants to a library the library is a place to help you.
thats more than of children.
if everybody used computers, we would be using less paper.
people can hack into almost everything.
these are only some of the many reasons computers are useful and i hope you keep using them in our community.
or worse - they would lose any relationship with their famly.
many people are spending too much time on their computers and have less time exersising.
if they acutually play the game and see what their doing, then they will got smarter.
it's better to invite them over and have some fun playing board games or just talking in person for a change.
lastly you will be able to find everything you look for.
this program allows people of all ages to talk with their friends or colleages instantly.
also these days if you are really grateful for somthing you go on google and type in virtual thank you cards.
it was on a , and my mother was just about to have a baby.
another example is we've had students bringing because violence is the answer when it !
they need to learn that in life there's going to be people that don't like.
i wouldn't talk to anyone-not even my family!
that's because with all the and websites it will teach us hand-eye coordination with i'm just having fun.
was about abuse and she saw as a very innoproprate book for my age, at the time.
some effects that computers have on people are a lot.
since people are on the computer so much they miss out an parties and social events.
millions of people use a computer for working at their .
my final reason that computers hurt us more than they help is addiction.
computer time is fine in moderation, you just have to be aware of how much time you spend on it.
in a survey taken in a local magazine should that of people are on computer and.
also, if a perent decides to start a business from have a computer would be required to cant up profits and to talk with customers.
it is because the sea is the source of all the water they use.
thats why, if you put the more offensive things in a different section, the kids wouldn't notice it was even there.
but its been hours maybe even days since you've takin a breath of fresh air outside.
but out of those only said they'd actually travel to to see them"".
they don't ge enough exersize every day.
i will teach the poor children without only charge.
so really why would u take stuff off the shelfs if other people read them.
the fragrance of the flowers filled it.
this place is wack.
even your front yard is full of nature, and you will be getting some (not all) exercise at the same time.
families also are distant form each other when they sit around on .
just getting them taken off the shelf would not be a good idea because some kids would actually use them for school believe it or not
it will only further advance us as a society in the end.
he takes his own time in taking bath and getting ready.
dear local newspaper , i do agree that exercising,.
in libraries there are book that have alot of racism in them.
censorship is wrong for this very reason.
thats the graet thing the has any information.
in my opinion many people are just following a trend.
that is why is bad to use a computer a lot i hope u understand.
there are even dictionarys on the internet with many diffent translations that you would normily need about books to do.
parents will worry about their children and adults can worry about themselves.
nobody spends so much time on the computer that they can't go outside or hang out with there friends.
that's why i dont belive in censorship.
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf- that work i abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.
i found from this database that not onlt is it all lawed for that reason but the got from the international council of human rights for allowing it.
like some of the really gory movies the are always people in the movie gettin cut up or shoot.
who can truely say a book, movie, music, or magazine is truely offensive.
its sadi how of these reasonings are caused by the excessvive use of technology and computers.
how could you become physically fit?
the people it helps are kids in school to look up an area they need to find for a question on a worksheet.
other games are also addicting too.
that is why i think the people is wrong saying the or is not.
computers can provide people with ways to research things.
parents sould also take their kids places more often so the schild win not have to go online.
everybody could use a laugh every once and a while.
computers have varies websites such as and which can distract people from studying or even doing their homework.
if people really do have a hard time with some of the material that is on display, they should not even pick it up to begin with.
it allows them to mature and grow up.
people write books all the time dealing with something that has happened in their lifetime or something from their imagination.
i do agree this is the case in some ways.
during the you can go to the beach with your friends.
we should invest money in business only if we have experience in the business.
it is easier than the hassle crowded malls and long lines.
the internet also has and those still unsure can use specially sites to talk to people they know in life onlt.
actually computers are'nt that hard to work you just have to be patient and take some time to get used to it.
dear newspaper , people believe that the negatives of computers out weigh the positives.
heed my advice & allow your kids the freedom of internet.
books in they libraries are great but some books should not be able to be in a library, certin books such as books about faith and other religions.
eating un healthy food and sitting in front of your computers all day not exersiing.
out of students enjoy nature every week.
i made it into a beautiful garden.
computers are the future, and have even proven to save lives.
according to a health magazine, tests shows that using a computer for two or three hours can make you lose your brain cells.
we don't care becaue we have fun.
more people who will stand up for what they believe in and won't judge others for what they belief in.
with computers we can do homework with our friends without leaving our homes.
there is not a person in the world who has not had some form of communication with others.
dear newspaper , are you aware that more than of families have ownership to a computer?
the last thing that is really bad in advertisement is drug advertisement, such as a picture of a drug leaf, or inscents.
yes, i know that there can be some disadvantages.
when i was in grade i got my first facebook, i thought i was so could!
none like to be a loner.
most kids should go out side more for example my friend spent hours a day!
another example is when was running from the police, and a car full of rambunxious teenagers attempted to run him over just because they wanted to.
the ward-boys were also equally careless.
take thing those books away from us take away are education, and we won't be able to learn from those books like we should.
all of that material combined can create a social disaster, if the material isn't censored.
i recommend that everyone who wants an easier life should invest in a computer.
if materials are offensive they should not be displayed.
if the sources were censored in such a way, it would be hard to get information.
that way they get there homework done, and don't have to take a zero.
everyone comes to him to get something done.
the govermnet must announce laws to the people and use typed documents to communicate with different countries & states.
it also helps in sports.
it can stop children from exercising enjoying the out doors and spending time with family.
if you know what i mean.
how would you feel if you were at your local library and you found something with something offensive in it?
i think computers are bad in three ways and i want to express them to your and hopefully persuade you into going towards side.
killing the layer the are much more powerful, hurting people.
i do not believe that censorship should be an option for people that find a book, magazine, or movie offensive.
hello, i am writing to you today about my concerns about my views on the cencorship in a library.
there is a reason why there is so many different genres.
while others argue that they are very helpful.
the medical field is now using more advanced ultrasounds that take the image and make it there dementional.
need to make changes to what they do during the.
this illustrates that computers must have an positive effect on people if most people own them.
i also said the reason why we shouldn't have censorship is because it's another way to express yourself or your point of views.
in a bunch of the movies form @num1 abd up have a bunch of stuff in them that a child should not see.
a few reason explain why the censorship is alright as it is.
education has never been so easy, thanks to our advanced network and computers.
i really hope you can understand my point of view.
we were able to go on a search engine and find directions to their house from the airport.
sexual predators sworm the internet, and many people talk to strangers over the internet that be harmful, without even realizing it.
this also be help with reading and understanding big words.
remember it's not only fun.
if it is taken offensive they should tell the librarian and then if very many more people say it is offensive then it can be taken off the shelf.
i sure do.
so then i completed project and headed it in to teacher.
computers benifit a lot of other electronic equipment.
read in to the minds of the students and see what we have to say on this topic.
and become skinny with no worries.
you can play all different kind of games like action or if you want a chenllens you can play hard games i think games like chess or sodotea.
many people say computers are time comsuming because they havent used one yet.
they have become a part of life and a way to be a part of life outside of your house, even if you have to stay at home.
it also can help children with school homework.
after reading this paper, you will agree with me that computers are a benefit.
sure someone here and there does not gree with an author, but never decide to go crazy about it.
whenever they catch the prey, they are killed by crushing.
most of the questioning about a book is the language in it.
""'s hard to see litiature dissolving because kid are spending so much time on the computer.
what is consitered offensive?
so eat carefully, take exercise for health and cultivate mental energy for a better life.
if the is left without certain materials there will be no creativity.
if the parents don't want them to hear about it from other kids than they tell them, they explain it to them.
this is the effect of library censorship.
that is the question.
a lot of business transactions and presentations are done out on a computer for maximum efficiency.
because of bad effects the screen has on your eyes.
i wish gold gives me golden wings one day which can appear and disappear when i wish.
as long as you than to find an accurate and reliable scourse than a computer.
first reason of why i think computers have a positive affect on people is that they teach hand eye coordination.
computers are a big part of my life and i still have time to do other things with my family, and friends.
we would also have less censorship for people who only try to spread there ideas.
plus you even go to your friends, house and instead of laughing, you'l say .
computers have amazing programs that help us in all ways, internet for quick information, and social connections to keep in touch with family, friends and buisnesses.
if few people disapprove of a particular material, the book remains in most shelves uncensored.
each year the world becomes more and more advance in technology.
the passengers rushed to board the train.
one least example towards the of computers their are many websites that you can.
we have them for breakfast in the form of cornflakes, bread, and cakes.
these were just a few examples about how the computer has an effect on people.
there are some people in the world that don't but have a computer.
that person can inspire another person.
generally, school children should have ambitions.
son of a poor farmer.
without computers people would know about nearly anything thats going in other countries.
this is one reason why i think that computer have a positive effect on people.
experts, their is no reason whats so ever you should be concerned with more and more people using computers, it's a good thing.
they could also not be spending time with family.
we talk about visiting each other and how our family's are doing.
i truly beleive that computers are beneficial to all people and should continue to be around.
all it takes is one little book to be taken of the shelf.
want to make the town interasting and everybody to know each other,"" says .
dear , the ages, technology has constantly been evolving and improving the way we think.
then if i like it, i start singing it.
then what happens to that homework?
dear , i remember when i was younger my parents got two laptops for themselves.
some bad reasons for having computers is a big issue right cyberbullying!
their motive, to lure young teens unto meeting them in a secure location, and to commit rape.
also, it is important for children to get fresh air.
recess is the best part of the school day.
dear local newspaper, i believe computers doesn't benefit society.
why not talk to real people?
people spend way too much time on their computers and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
picture this: you're doing a school project on the you know nothing about it.
also, online you new people or make as many new friends.
you can use thoughs out doors.
you can play online games, download music, skype, browse, shop,, and even meet people.
you really aren't.
what i mean is simply by typing in what you want to say to your friend they will receive those exacte words then they'll reply.
with music, walk, cool friends right in front of us, who has live.
if they see something on then explain don't just freak out and block them from knowing what's out there in the real world.
without computers i never would have learned so much about that place.
this can cause many problems between communication throughout the family making the family weaken.
i remember one time when i first started going outside i had so much fun.
but just because one parent does not want their child to read ' ', does not mean that every child should be denied the opportunity to read it.
you will be able to make more friends and better friends.
people can also be any one they want online.
they also make jobs and work easier and also help people save a lot of money by talking to people on the computers insted of on the phone.
certainly going on the computer will mean less time for exercising.
it's other ways people can spend their time like biking or taking a brisk walk.
most book will be more chalanging to find because there allways extra information that not needed and will take longer to find.
some school-s actuly suply there students with there one partiple computer.
farmers prepare the fields likewise and sow seeds there.
friends more and go away but you can always chat it you need them.
having a computer also allows you to talk to family and friends.
last things you can ask your friends if there is homework so you don't miss it.
there can also be dangers to talking to people you've never met before.
someone can get your messgae in.
they control and manage the traffic at road junctions and crossings.
if we can do that our world would be a much better place
this doesn't stop more and more children will grow larger and not healthy.
computers have had such a negative impact it makes people want to stay glued to their chairs with their eyes glued to their monitors.
instead, my father called using .
so then the next day you won't fail the science test.
so all the people of keep your computers, they are an important stepping stone needed for growth and moving onto the future of technology.
the movies at the libraries are pretty good they dont let thim get to bad i cant compain to much about that.
computers are a magnificent tool for new things.
there is a lot more to life than being on the web.
my last & final idea is people become to attached to their computers & lose sight of what really matter, such as exercising & fitnesss.
i can to this one because i am a cheerleader, and i am constantly on youtube learning how to stretch and do new things.
these are all positive effects don't you agree?
the materials that the libraries has that are offensive should be put up in another area for older poeple.
we would be taking away a lot of stuff the our children should know about, such as the slavery, and famous people.
computers, one of the daily things we use and with.
if others spent at least a half an hour being outside to some fresh air instead of using a computer most of them would feel a lot better.
computers affect people only good ways and help everday life be easy.
dear newspaper, the invention of the computer has made a great impact on society today.
computers make life easier for people through communication like email, social network websites such as facebook and aol, and even video chat.
i would be lost and confused without these emails what i depend on.
the false information that that give, is what we wanna buy.
so in conclusion i'm sure you totally agree with me.
in people havent seen there relatives for other states in years.
so can you please listen to ideas.
dear , i understand that there is a big discussion going on about if computers have a possitive effect on people.
if computers never exiled, the world would no doubt be better all around place.
going to college online is so easy.
another reason why computers are inconvienet is when you need to do research.
i'm certain i could sway you to agree with me too.
computers don't benefit to kids learning.
computers are important to everyday life because it helps your children be more independent and learn how to use different parts of the internet.
what books will be left?
my final reason is the entertainment computer provide you can play games, watch movies or homemade videos, and even talk to friends.
those situations can all put you in a really tough place.
dear , has been brought to my attention that some people feel that computers are bad for us.
all of us dream of becoming famous when we grow up.
lastly, computers allow people to chat with other people.
things can fly over your head and you might not notice them.
in fact i heard on the news that half of their kids were bullyed online.
matter what age they are they find ways to do what they want if they want it bad enoff.
dear newspaper, being able to find the information of anything with only one hand.
i believe censorship is neccesary for young children, they shouldn't be exposed to bad launguage, or graphic scenes, or something that is strictly for adults.
you just want to log on to check your notifications but you can end up on the computer for to hours without even realizing it.
however, though they don't appeal to you as a reader, how could this book be censored without the unanimous disapproval of everyone?
did you know that you can even video chat with people.
the computer really helps you to just stay in touch with other people and it's a very easy and convinent way to do so.
such as google.
today, the world has turned to a disaster.
he feels that an ideal doctor must adjust his professional needs with social service.
there are a variety of applications that you choose from, and they are all easy to use.
others are concerned that people spent too much time on computers and not enough time exercising and spending time with friends and family.
if a computer can get somebad a on their test think of what else it could do for the world.
you look back and regret doing what you did.
there are many healthy alternatives to the computer.
also, there are other sites where the computer interacts with you.
you learn from your mistakes, they say.
you be too into a .v.
would you rather see yourself healthy and active or lazy and sluggish?
to go and learn what you already know
i believe that the book or magazine or should stay on the shelf for someone who has the intent to read it.
i am sure that many people love using their computer for the same reason.
after cutting the cake, we played many games.
writing topics should be open to all people, because whether they are offensive or not they convey a purpose.
some of the greatest authors use offensive words in their books take them off th shelves and you will be getting rid of the greatest material.
also you can have the ability to talk to people.
but i disagree is many good effects computers can have on people.
for instance when your in gym class you want to be healthy.
the computer games in handy almost all the time.
to begin with, the lack of fresh air obtained by sitting indoors all day is very bad for lungs and can lead to premature breathing problems.
that must meen people love then.
people don't get that the earth is polluted.
i realise that there are some things chilldren should not see or hear and i'm not suggesting we expose them to these things.
it's time now to realize what computers are doing to us and the world today.
this is also good for jobs.
my views on cencorship not be what others believe, but taking away perfectly written books is not right.
libraries can help us in many different ways.
it only takes me a few minutes"", but they are lying.
if it had been up to him, he would have decided to go ahead and take out all those books from everywhere in the world.
they are not required to look at it so if they do not like it, then they do not look at it.
it has it's ups's and downs but because of it our society grows increasingly advanced.
authors and media producers should take other people into consideration and put their efforts into raising awareness instead of offending.
start spreding the word!
my parents do.
this topic now poses a question: ' all censorship bad?'
by using censorship you will have to take the books that offend people off the shelves.
on the world wide web you can meet some new people who not live in your state, or country.
such as , there is a whole lot of in the , and expecally in this time period.
so in a way the human race depends on technology, actually we do depend on technology.
another example, is because you can type e-mails faster and don't need to type slow.
if you want to find a school classmate that you haven't talked to in years, you can now.
computers help talking to friends move easier than writing letters or waiting calss to get out.
many times i have learned new things from books that not have been appropriate for my age, but it taught me a valuable lesson.
books, movies, and magazines are ment to inlighten, inform, and entertain the reads.
a society that is based on learning and knowledge, a socity that in situration should not hinder a persons ability to learn.
trees are valuable natural resource.
the children were enjoying rides on the merry-go-round.
our teacher also played with us.
we have been told that some people think were spending too much time on the computer.
so you should be getiting off your lazy bum, bum and getting some good old exercise.
basically it is somewhat.
we talk to each other using webcams, instany messaging, or talking on a social site like facebook.
and this will cause a lot less chaos and attention to be drawn to yourself and others around you.
therefore, i do and also don't agree that a library should be stripped of a book becuase it lacks intrest in someone or offend someone.
my second reason is that people do get more exercis.
readers please, try avoiding you computers for just one week, and you can forget those jet plane.
""computers helped young adults to have a better oportunity in life"" the teacher of . ""
just remember that social sites, video sites, and make life better.
so over all the libraries should be more carefull on what they put on the shelves for people to buy.
sports are what help you with hand-eye coordination.
dear newspaper, this year my school and a cop come into my school and tell me and my peers about the dangers of online.
you can shop online and you can easly in less than finve minutes get directions!
in conclusion, i do not think offensive materials should be remove.
censorship is a law and it is commonly broken.
one person's opinion is not of any more importance than the next person's.
i hear that computers effect people, well i dont agree with that statement.
secondly, the computer can help you learn about far away places the or .
if you have children, what do you think they do most of their lives.
for example if a man came in a library and asked the library to remove a book that is about murdering and has violence in it.
so thoses are my reason why computer are good and bad for reasch bad because of nooding to exericis and need to be with friends
talking to friends on the computer doesn't let you learn social skills.
not being with the people you love not doing any activities you people need to get off that computer and do more in your life for.
this is what will happen if people spend to much time on the computers.
the internet is benefitting our society today.
i thought it was fun because it looked awsome inside.
then we can learn fast without a book.
she teaches me how to plant and take care of them.
i aegre waf the evansmant ov tnachnolage.
in conclusion, you have heard the different ideas and i consider computers as a benifit.
computers have many positive effects that are very important.
everything has a base in nature, even ourselves.
this will come off offensive to many men and women.
in all, computers are designed to help your eyes and hands to focus more.
there's offensive material everywhere.
the dog has a long history and it may be the long living animal on the earth.
or, for an even simpler way of sending invatations you can even just type an email or message.
after they get off and feel better they go back on to repeat the process.
if we didn't have computers there would be no way we could do that.
therefore, the advances in technology are having a negative affect on society.
what experiences did you have?
i think computers are the best invention and is not imparing humans its evolving them.
for on field to use for sean, pregnacy, pulse radar's and more.
a farmer lives a simple life.
take my cousing courthey, for example, everyday, her teacher asigns definitions for homework.
dear local newspaper, have you even been on a computer too long & haven't spent time excersising, or haven't spent any time with your family?
from my data that i have collected, computers are both somewhat good, and bad.
he then goes to the computer lab and finds it on like that!
all because we are addicted to using the computers.
something that commonly said.
if libraries eliminated offensive media then people would be able to form their own oppinions and ideas.
the longer youre on the more and more and more radiation is going to youre brain.
as i said before, everyone is intitled to their own opinions.
dear , i do believe that computers can be positive.
they are, therefore, our best guides and philosophers, when we are in some confusion.
it would be okay to be on the computer for 1/ hour a day but not using to the internet.
as you can see having all these great websites leads into a problem with kids.
lead to civil war between the northern states and the southern states.
some subjects are considered to be vulgar and innappropriate for young audiences.
might actually have famous people accounts.
when i was a child i picked up on everything.
""okay class today we will be going down in the computer to do some research.""
also, when you spend time with your family, it brings them a lot closer toy ou.
my last argument is that people can talk to anyone using chat sites.
they don't act outside enough or interact with family or pets.
some people use their computers for business of work related.
the last most important reason is it can give a younger chilld the wrong ideas.
this is because when you on the computer you get better hand-eye coordination.
this is exactly why i beleive the computer benefits the society.
i believe that chating online to study for tests is a fantastic idea because it will help the students to get better grades.
many people like and have one.
if you are on facebook or myspace you can add people as your friends so you can friends.
why is cool?
we don't want the up coming generations to be blind to all of this because it is the real world.
i agree with katherine paterson if we can take one book off the shelfs we can take all the books of the shelf.
finally, computers are extremly dangerous.
if parents would be responsible for taking action, their child should understand that they are taking the wrong book from the bookshelf.
to begin, we have thrown away typr writers and purchased computers.
dear the , opinion on computers be the same as others or different.
it just changes the entire subject.
i don't see why that is allowed but other materials about our times are not.
there's so many more reasons but this is just one mans opinion who knows what other people think about them.
im not a big fan of this but online chatting can be use for online dating if your to lazy to go out.
finally, thousands of jobs around the world are either based on or work with computers.
here in , we have the freedom of speech.
yo can damiges your eye and you would have to were glass and you don't want that soemtimes it's hart to stay off of them.
does it bother you to hear them with your own ears?
he loved that book he read it in and out, he read it for a book report on different culters.
heres another way of saving trees.
if that book isn't what your looking for then put it back and stop reading it.
these types of books are read for the purpose of entertainment and not meant to harm or offend anybody.
out of people say that computers take away from their family time, reports family .
you live a lot healthier when you're not addicted to the computer.
in a test done by in , people were put in seperate rooms with personal computers for hour.
everything can be saved to a laptop.
so taking books off the shelf wouldn't do any good, because they'll find the book movie ets somehow.
while doing this he and saves my parents money.
students stand in groups and talk.
but what about us?
teenagers spend too much time on the going where they should instead of doing more benefitul activities like reading.
citizens need to learn to realize not everything is terrible.
clearly, the ability to contact is a great reason why computers need to be kept.
why take it off the shelf?
our teachers prefer us to do that instead of handwriting evert thing.
maybe if you have to search something for school, the computer can help you.
the cat is domestic per animal.
there should be boundaries for teenagers and age privelages and they should respect them enough not to do them
take a stand, and do is best.
we have lots of great books.
do you know what happened?
you could even read a book too.
although computers are an easy way to communicate to people, they should not be the anly thing you use to talk to friends and family.
such as slavery, the taking over the , and a lot of our world history.
in other words, computers are just a negative waste of good money.
i think everyone should have at least one or two computers in their house, they were invented for a reason.
in modern writing and all throughout history there have been certain books that we don't like because they go against what we find moraly right.
no of course not!
finaly computers are great for communicating with far-away friends or family.
i read in a artice like a month ago.
if you can even think of just one instance that could strip a student away from a learning opertunity you shouldnt do it.
also, as us kids are growing up, we have too many advantages because of computers.
have a good day.
things we learn about in school, slavery, wars and some pollitics.
the library shouldn't censor their books.
i also think it good research to browse people.
so as a result, i keep in contact with her through the computer.
sexual conduct, language, and criminal behavior are three big things in my school, and community.
however, from the examples explained in this paper, i have shown that the increases conversation and curiosity of how the world looks and operates.
baby sitters need to do their homework.
i specially grow in the coastal part.
in addition, it is the option of everyone w/ other or not they want to spent their time on the computer.
my car is remote-controlled.
i feel as we are letting kids these days do as they feel, and do what ever they want.
the computer can take you to places you have never seen, heard, or been to before, or maybe a place you couldn't afford to go.
computers almost anything possible.
this is why i say that the internet is not alway good to be on all the time if you aren't or learning about the nation.
this is there because going to the library means you have to round up the kids get in the cor and go.
he is thirty-five years old.
also, lets say your doing a project and you need information instead of rushing to the library you can use the computer and find it.
secondly, having computers in our society can make life a little easier for some people.
mothers are often worried about their children picking up things in the library that they think are offensive.
now say if your an elderly person and you cant get up and your bodys really bad.
many artists probably feel that they are being placed in a state of seclusion and hatred.
someday your kids will ask questions about that that kind of stuff they hear or see at school from other students.
i know i definiely wouldn't.
so i think there should be a limit on how many hours people spend on the computers per day.
i'm sure if computers didn't have a giant effect on people, this would not be as big of a problem as it is.
now a days we do a lot of online shopping.
says , my grade teacher.
here are some reasons why you should get a computer for your family.
among those effects are ease of communication, ease of gathering information, and ease of find entertainment.
they can lose their job cause your missed work cause your on the computer for doing nothing work cause computer.
that she needed to solve her heartace and pain.
you can call up your friends and play with them.
instead of taking steps to help the enviorment we are siting on the computers sleeping and being mesmerized by the light of the screen.
we lead pessimistic lifestyles.
my reason is people isn't spending a lot of time with there family.
makes people stupid, and makes you lazy.
i believe we should not have that right to pull thing off of shelves freely.
finaly, one big main problem is: they stop inter acting with family and friends.
if there is a blizzard people can find out ahead of time and stock up on food.
there are some rare situations when restrictions need to be upheld but merely based on age.
without we woudent be able to ware or even hold a pensil.
dr. says, ""the more children use computers is the more time they waste not being active at all.""
it is easy to find someone that is offened by the smallest of things.
but just to fill you if you stay your computer it can promote the need for glasses obesity.
people who often use the computer, rarely see the true beuty of nature.
if there is going to be bad things in the library the owners might make a section just for those things.
then, when my mon bought me a laptop, we were able to speak to each other again.
meaning if parents or teenagers took 'offensive' material off the shelf that there will be nothing else left.
in the 's if you wanted to speech with some one who is far away you would have to send a letter.
above all, computers help you connect with old friends who have moved away or parted ways earlier in life.
not only does the computer help us get important updates on global issues but it is also a great way to contact people.
first, becacuse it's useful to exercise.
as you can see, computers are a great way to keep in touch with family and talk to friends.
the computer would influence them to want to learn more about interesting history.
then why is it so bad when they have offended you if it wasn't intentional?
its not such a far fetched idea.
an ideal teacher treats his students like his own children.
if something offends you, don't read or watch it.
he weighs three-hundred pounds at the age fourteen.
without the hand-eye coordination, students will not do well and end up quiting.
my first reason is because computer's are not safe.
this ruins many peoples social health, because the more they ignore their family or friends, these people will stop trying to interact with them.
with all the technology out there.
after along to more hows of playing.
some argue that computer websites are not entirely reliable i beg to differ.
broadly speaking beggars are of two types-able bodies and disabled.
my grandma has arthrites in her fingers but it is not from the computer it from doing dishes all the time.
lastly, computers let you meet new people online.
in an artical i was reading the other day it said that most people who suffer depression admitted to being online for atleast hours per day.
that means if you like country music then don't listen to hard rock or rap because that isn't what you like so don't listen to it.
at work, if you need to talk to an employee or co-worker and you can't leave your desk, you can just e-mail the information to them.
tons of jobs are listed by employers only for the curious person to find.
doesn't that make lif a lot easier?
do you believe computers have a negative effect on people?
of kids who play a sports are not over weight, but of kids who don't are.
you can't read a book on the computer and even you could it is not as fun as turning the pages of a beautiful paperback or hard-covered book.
but the only people that actually benefits in life are the website owners.
people bring the point of maybe a child picks up a adult book or magazine in a store and begins to look at it and read it.
it also helps you by telling you which places are famous to visit.
it charges a nominal amount for carrying our letters and parcels from one place to the other.
if you ask me i think they should leave up their.
dear , you know someone who lives faraway from you?
this isn't necessarily a bad thing.
go walk you dog, have friends ober or even just having out with your family and friends.
could you imagine all of those unhealthy people not worriying about anything except their computer?
which is good because its much easier.
this is why i think computers benifit our society and knowledge.
dear , the use of computer benefits society due to the possitive affect on people.
so thas why you shulding d a lot in the computer.
i hoped to see some of them.
i strongly believe computers are a waste of money and bring society down.
every one knows exercise is important.
i know that i would rather help the elemntry school across the street build a new garden rather than stay inside on twitter.
so ever time we go down there we rent that house thanks to the computers.
when you go to a library you aspect to learn about , , 's , etc.
experts say that the computer restricts time to workout, but in all, truth, the computer is the key to the gym.
inside we boarded a small train which took us around the park.
do what you think and feel is cool.
this still should not get movies or whatever the material is banned from the library.
i do believe that their should be censorship in libarys.
i was a very inquisive as any kid my age would be.
belongings can show a lot about a person just as much as actions or words.
especially things like computers.""
schools have websites for students to go to findout there homework, classwork, projects, reports, and extracredit.
excercising, as we all know, is necessary to remain as a fit and health human being.
no one or no race is the center of attetion in movies people feel as if they are but thats a personal thing people go through.
she became and cleaner.
you can search your favorite artist and see what their albums gonna be like or you can search issues in your community.
they could make a section for adults that includes books that are not censored.
books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should be removed from the shelves because little kids shouldn't be watching: seeing: or hearing them.
first, people like to go on things such as myspace, secondly people like playing online games.
if i'm doing a school report on animals.
you 't just assume computers are bad for us, you might be surprised.
i relate to this.
now a day it's not like that for a lot people.
some people would want to know some personal, buiseness about peopl.
i believe that because libraries are used by everyone of all different ages, races, and genders, that some censorship should be put into effect.
studys show that <@num1> of kids without computers do not get enough exercise, whereas only of kids with computers do not get enough exercise.
i hope you will agree with me and my thoughts about computers.
computers are great invention but with todays society there are to many issues that aren't always being appointed.
i believe certain materials, such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
anothe example of students using computers is online textbooks, which spares them of logging heavy texbooks home.
i could be an older man or women trying to get a hold of you so they can probably kidnap you.
the last thing is you can talk online to anybody you want from africa to the us all the way to .
it can our spirit when we are depressed.
we go to the church to offer prayers and enjoy singing christmas carols.
online shopping can be very helpful.
so once she checked it out, she watched it with her parents and saw some uneasy sections during this movie.
it might expose children somethings that isnt always good for them
they let us talk to people all over the world.
a library wont immediately buy new books about it.
is good to be in computer but not to long.
there is always a smile on his face.
children can use their computer to re-search homework they're doing or even just research thing for fun.
first of all just learning how to use the computer is a skill you need in life.
some people don't like them, and then there's people like me who do like them.
the world would lose too much history in getting rid of offensive books.
next this is good for buyers and sellers.
for example, many live on and her sister, , she is very close to, lives in .
doing this helps everyday skills like playing sports.
because of this, libraries should allow authors to speak their minds.
this is how kidnappings and murder happens in our world.
some argue that certain material be offensive to other groups of people, but who is it to judge how another feels.
mainly its about conserners and users, most of those people complain that their having no time with their family and friends.
this new , video chat, , etc.
lastly, there can be limits set so no more worrying about to much time spent on the computers.
people have different opinions what one find extremely offensive another not care or even laugh at it.
dear, local newspaper writer i believe that computers benefit our society because we could connect to people more faster and easier.
my first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it can be educational.
she said she was ill.
also less kids are reading.
now control can be difficult, and not always work if not handled correctly.
there was a little boy, at the age of nine or ten it looked liked to me, but he had two movies in his hand.
after six year's not seeing my grandparents they really changed, and i was starting to forget what they looked like.
thus, advances in technology will give the ability to learn about far away places and people.
dear , you think computers have a possitive effect on people?
the computer is a greet way to meet new people that share the same characteristics as you!!
so the question is, 'should we remove some books, music, and movies off the shelfs because they're offensive?'
first they can teach kids bad things, second bad influence, and third they just dont need to be there.
he is very good in studies.
if something was removed every time someone would walk in, then there would be no library.
disrespectful acts, cussing, and rude gestures are not a positive way to keep a more mature role going that will make a better environment.
also if he had a question there would be no comunication outside of school.
or there is social networking such as myspace, facebooks, twitter etc which you can meet people.
cyber bullying is spreading like wildfire.
in conclusion, i believe computer are benifical to a society.
there are some downsides to having computer in the house.
and if they sit in side then it isn't your problem because it is their life and they want to live it their way.
people love entertainment.
you can make a walk of in the moons and just be yourself and be by yourself.
the use of computers is great for everyone.
to break the impasse, i exchanged the note.
was chosen to conduct an experiment on had three freinds , , and
dear , have many debated on whether computers are good or bad.
it gives us thoughts we have never thought about before and they tell us the newest updates.
it is time to reap them.
his work gave him a computer, and he was back to tucking me in every night, and he still does now.
see, they do have a positive effect.
but to and behold, my sister arrived with her boisterous and rowdy kids for a week.
the internet also keeps me closer to my brother, whose in college, because we can chat and send pictures to each other.
secondly, computers aren't metally from computers but physically unstable also.
they also can help kids learn how to and other things at a very early age.
haveing computers helps the community learn more.
besides, computers are now made everwhere, trying to get rid of them is simply unreasonable.
i it were to be me lokking for a source on music theory i might need one of those things to get what i need.
i think people should not use computers.
if you are staring at the computer all day, your eyes not be used to seeing everything else.
a library is made forwhat the people want to learn.
if you were offinded by a book in the library would you want it took off the shelf?
my moom love to be on .
we need to have the same aspect on life.
and they can teach us new things.
so we people say that the computer.
so take the considerations in hand.
maybe it is a movie your not particularly fond of then don't watch it.
materials bring all different kind of subjects, and stories for everyone.
no wonder schools have computer classes.
i reach school at eight in the morning and attend my classes.
they don't that school serious.
my first reason is that some people at college are far away from home like my sister and my family talks to her through the computer.
so you do!
there are going to be things in life we the people dont like to look at, to maybe hear thats offensive.
these books found in a library could bring enjoyment to people, but sometimes can offence other people.
did you know that out of users lie about their age?
first, computers have a negative effect on people because they diminish time.
people in my family that are always on facebook are not getting exercise, and becoming overweight.
but luck used to favour them, and they used to get top positions.
with the way things are today its almost impossible for a kid to pick something up and not read about drugs or violence.
with any of these reasons, computers are really benefiting our society.
knowing what to do from a magazine could possible save your life or perhaps maybe even someone elses life.
this is way computers can be a bad thing.
hand-eye is involved with almost everything you do.
copmputers are not reliable, they have minds of their own.
my last topic is with computers and cellphone and how we really don't interact with friends and family anymore.
in conclusion there are many people that or not like the books or other things that they find offensive but every one has there opinion.
in order to do this you need a web.
every mind that is among the world is extremely different, just as every book is.
computers are advanced our world little by little every day.
he should take a bath every day.
taking a book away from a library shelf can decrease of knowledge from someone that might need that information.
lastly, they give people the ability to learn about other things in the world.
he needs to get up and move around.
there adults, they can make their own decisions and they know what they want to watch or read.removing things from the shelves of libraries is sometimes needed.
this just shows that computers and other technology are effecting families around the country by making them overweight and.
he aces the reports, and continues to use this method.
then, without excersice, peoples' bobies will become more prone to diease and injury.
in fact teachers wear tell kids to type hw/projects.
recently on the news i saw a segment of how at they are using robots to make surgery more efficient.
another effect they have is letting people work faster in businesses and other jobs that require mathmatics.
materials should not be removed from libraries because they can be used to learn history and other things that people should know about.
in my opinion it is but only to a certain extent.
in the afternoon, we were all hungry and tired.
this is because if you start taking one out of the library, that my offence someone, i believe you will start taking out more than one.
flip a coin heads tails , you pick heads, stop surfing the web to get info on that place!.
my father was with me all the time.
when college students get stressed which happens all the time, they could turn on music from the computer to calm them down.
by me knowing that i am aware of the fact that children are not exercising.
computers, computers, computers, its all we hear about today.
computers are a learning tool.
every newspaper would shut down because they would all be saying the same thing.
statistics show that more than of people on earth use search engine to find something on the computer.
i mayself yous a computer to resrech school slot like math and history but computer all arnt good pepole abyous it.
the never ending game of shielding this generations teenagers and children is already finished.
also computers entertain people too.
every day, constantly, for about a year, i came home, to on the computer, and began my , as i .
people get things done quicker, giving people more time to do what matters most, interacting with their families.
you have a web cam you can see family members from different states and see the face and talk to them like you are talking in person.
are you a parent that wants to know how their child is doing in school?
i missed was that easy.""
some magazine articles are not appropriate for some teens, even if it does claim to be age appropriate.
he should have lovable habits.he should have good manners.
which are good for young children of age five through six.
i see things of half naked ladies on the side of the website and i know thats not okay for young kids to be seeing at those ages.
you could understand more about plants and animals.
the computer helps by reading it aloud to mom.
so you think you are addicted, try to make a time schedule for your whole day.
in the computer simulations teach the soldiers how to react to many different situations.
dear local newspaper, you love computers but fear that you or loved ones spend way to much time on them?
the temptations to read violent and vulgar books should be overcome.
anybody should know that your own opinion matters than anything else or anybody else.
these computers helped to industrialize and grow our great superpower of a country.
cases have been reported of smashing computers, doing bad in school, killing parents as i said earlier and in some cases suicide.
it is lobvious needs to be done.
all you gotta do is talk to them online.
the communication globally has not been very helpful and people are spending hours on their computers every day instead of exercising.
business and commercial line is just the thing which i hate.
i didn't use my laptop for my report,"" says , and grade student, "" i would never finish.
this way people can know what to expect if they read .
if you like sports you can look on the internet and find pages about different sports.
hand-eye coordination is another skill the computer teaches you.
some people don't see their talent until someone points it out to them.
they have dictionary sites, history sites, encyclopedia sites, etc.
libraries are great for multiple reasons.
if the reader is mature enough to understand the then the book corresponds with the age of that child.
banning books is hindering authors everywhere from being able to make a name for themselves.
the travel team use to have so manny people try out it was difficult to get on, so few people play that for barly need to try out!
so thats why computer aren't so good.
many good little ideas to do with family and friends instead of using ""computer time.""
thirdly, there is many more options and sites to choose from.
professor states that of passing college students are earning their degree online.
but how can you have an education with out a computer.
for one reason, if we forget about such things, than they are more likely to be repeated.
your wasting your time on the computers!
if someone does not like what a book, magazine, movie, etc., shows then they should put it back up and not worry about it.
it seemed as if i wasn't even noticed.
who knows, someone need to write a paper over that certain 'touchy' book.
this is a good way for workers to know whats going on outside of the office.
if libraries organize things well and make sure kids aren't in ares that they shouldn't be then everything should be fine
last but not least on my views on censorship contain to keep the offensive materials like magazines.
if i go on "".com"", i could type in anything i want, and get information about it.
censorhship should play a major part in which books should enter and leave the library.
we can learn about many things from computers!
the have a right to learn without the influence of others, but censorship denies them of that right.
that moves on to; 'you can not say.'
not enough facts or opions of the poeple.
third, i'm pretty sure that if something in the library was too offensive the library wouldn't have it.
dear i think computers greatly benefit society, and advance technology.
it helps their reading skills but the content in the book is not suitable for them.
you can find almost anything with search engins on your computer!
in the process, many boots stepped on my shoes and i too trod on many boots.
on the computer at house, everytime i open the internet there is breaking news about the war in devistation on , and much more.
also, those been who suicide because they were bulled on the .
he evaluates the answers of the note-books.
in addition, censoring is the correct thing to do.
i say, make life better and get rid of computers!
the husband killed his wife because of being ""single"" in her relationship status on her .
for all of the banks we have computers and for almost every job.
the reason why one book is removed could relate to another book and could get that one to be removed also.
dear readers of the , computers are machines that have been around for years.
so get to .
also in the constitution it states that the goverment can't choose for us while we have the power to think.
i spend my free time drawing pictures.
people use computers for fun!
don't tell people it will note your brain or you will become unhelthy from being on the computer look past it.
others join them after finishing their lunch.
ok, i'm done but you remember that question i asked you?
as a student and a teenager i know i am using mine way more than i need to.
then finds out that the moive they wasn't a kids moive ended up being an adults moive.
things like this will probably happen, and the kids will land up getting in trouble for not having the assignment turned in which is not even their fault.
another reason is because everyone has their own choice about what they want to look at in a library.
communication is a vital part america and the world in this day and age.
less and less people are to enjoy a fresh and instead spend it indoors on their country.
it is said that the small children are like butterflies because the small children too are innocent.
that isnt because of unsensored things, why dont they blame it on parents and ask where they were at?
for example, youtube is an internet siting that about people go on and barely get off.
thank you for reading and don't support rapid advances in computer technology.
but instead he just sit there online everyday eating.
typing on a keyboard doesn't really let you interact with people.
we cannot control everything that people do.
so a computer hacker or a fraud site can't steal my personal info.
hasn't a computer already helped you today?
the citizens of the need to be more understanding that their race isn't the only one here.
dear editor, computers are becoming more and more prevalent in the .
so, i have mixed feelings about computers.
click on these, and information that is needed is displayed.
so lets start to cut our usage time down now.
for example you can learn from apropriate websites that builds brain muscles.
for kids saftey from bad people out there in the world, spending time with family and friends and finally for exercise and to stay fit with our bodies.
i like my house very much.
then they can talk in time.
instead of that kids come home from school to see if replied to your facebook message.
its unbelieveable but, individuals have a higher chance of developing heart disease!!
next it's unhealthy, and lastly alot of bad things can happen on the internet.
o and i don't even remember what be happend when i get on the computer.
libraries have continued to keep children areas clean of explicit materials and are careful so that magazines such as '' do not reach their shelves.
these are all good examples of why computers have a positive impact on the human race.
the book enclosed many horrible acts against black people.
of the surveyed at the agree computers are helpful to us.
do you honestly believe that computers don't benefit society?
so hopefully my letter will be able to surposs "'bama's failed health care bill" to at least make it somewhere in the paper.
what do you do?
you never know if someone is a friend or a predator trying to get you.
dear , , my name is and i think that everyone has a right to there own opinion.
from different websites.
they also get tired every easy.
the library shouldn't be the ones who tell us what we can and can not read.
everyone has different views on that book or movie.
computers have benifited society in so many ways.
in a way computer privliges can be as like your enjoying life.
this could be a very bad influence.
don't you think that if you spend to much time on a computer you have less time with your family.
lastly, using computers will open a gateway communication , , , etc are a few of the many ways to communicate online.
one other great reson is for the teachers.
different people have different ambitions.
he helps them to be happy.
there was a recent study that snowed since to of all americans use computers more than a day for all sorts of diffrent reasons.
i was asking my mother about this topic and she said, "" these days just don't go outside anymore.
bot, people are beginning to replace seeing one another with networking.
people can also also contact other people.
now there isn't that many of books out there for little kids to read.
books that are offensive view point is that books should not be taken off the shelfs if taken offensive to one person.
i also belive that they should enjoy nature because i feel like they are wasting the beauty of nature all around them.
for example, scientest tested a video game on kids, and now believe in zombies.
or do you think they could be useful in many ways?
with that in mind, people will always see you on the computer, and eventually get sick of you.
the card could have their name, age, grade, and date of birth.
having a computer isn't always bad.
course not, and do you want to miss your flight for vacation?
having friends so close by you can really make every life great.
i believe computers have a positive effect on people because computers can help people in many ways.
dear local newspaper, are beinging questioned if the are good for our society or not.
buth with websites that make people stay conect for more than two hours they dont get fresh air and they dont interact with others .
it's the same with magazines and movies.
finally, i think the computers are great benefits society.
therefore, being on the computer isn't that bad.
nature is exotic and beautiful and all of us should take care of it and appreciate what we have.
what do you expect us to do call them?
this world wold be nothing without computers.
more than of are overweight and unhealthy.
people have a craving for information, they like to learn and advance.
does that mean that the something should be censored just because it offends a couple of groups in a population?
i guess i don't understand why we have to care so much.
it obvious that computers have a good effect on people?
no computers no education and you will go and works at or something.
computers have gotten more advanced over time.
thank you, editor, for considering my side on the positive effects computers have on the world.
without computers a lot of things couldnt be done.
computers are also great for communication if you have relatives far away in another state or even country you can easily talk to them through .
the books you use in classrooms are considered books but there not books you read everyday.
as you see, computer's are a benefit to people.
the last reason why computers are so helpful is convience.
they can make choices for thier self and don't need others, to do it for them.
dear , i believe that computers do have a positive effect on people.
you can find anything about anybody or anything on a computer that has internet on it.
research showed that the majority of the obese patients spent excessive time on their little boxes of ten.
with the simple use of a computer, one can learn great hand-eye coordination skills.
therefore, computers help us all in some little way and makes life easier and more fun.
computers teach and improve valuable hand-eye coordination.
parents commonly try to get their children to stop playing certain games.
third there really isn't no reason they should be looking at it.
the policeman is an important public servant.
well his mission was accomplished.
so many people are addicted to it.
you could be going to new place around the world.
what some people do not understand is that reading those things are a part of life.
voluntary organizations arrange relief camps and provide medical facilities.
so say when my mom is working, or me and my sister are researching something we learn.
so ifeel as if it's not right nor fair.
the rate of people wearing glasses are increasing rapidly as well.
the internet is great for meeting new people because you eachother and get to know one another or look at their profile pictures and things.
not all people are the same, and not all books or magazines are the same.
useing the computer can ruin relationships even those with family.
someone had not gone on an instant messaging program or a video chatting program.
you might argue with your family a lot and don't you want to have a healthy relationship.
it is at the responsibility of the public to how they use the information they receive.
there should be a shelve for young kids, tennages and adults.
's phone was taken away so the only way i could talk to her was on .
traveling by bus in an enjoyable experience and i prefer traveling by my car.
the computer looking at hotels and booking thou, this modern day technology has brought many humans to places they wanted to go.
every adult watching the news at night before they go to bed to see what has , what if you went to bed early.
children at the age of , even move use computers-play games on them.
for example, adutly trends that they see on the television.
another reason why computers give a positive effect in people if you have a lot of paperwork that is just lieing around is in the way.
i don’t allow anyone to pluck flowers from my garden.
you will need computer skills in various jobs and what better to start than now.
why not play a game on your computer.
if you believe that it is offensive to you then why are you reading it?
because of a lack of .
computers are only important for school, but also in the work place.
to begin with, censorship simply the banning of certain things that are thought to be offensive.
kids and adults alike are not bored.
and what they should know as a young person.
these things out there in the world are not for one specific group of people, they are for everyone.
dear and of the i think that computers are a good thing to use.
i know that many people pay their bills online.
have you ever thought about how much easier it is college course online.
you're a kid so long that you have to enjoy your selves now before your serious with you life.
is the fact you can use microsoft to write up a paper.
i am a firm beliver that computer were one of the greatest invention of all time.
for these reasons computers are what benefits society most.
kids should no the limit.
my mom is always on face book and i hate it i figure she loves the computer more then do you want your kids to think that about you?
online bullying is worse that inteacting bullying.
our country has problems with being overweight.
children to commonicate with their friends, to some extent.
the computer allows you to connect win people who live faraway with out having to travel to them.
you'll get ot learn there cultures.
think long and hard about what decition that you want to make.
them everyday doesn't mean just for fun.
you can find any certain time in history and have a whole site on it.
this shows the computer can help someone learn about foiren countrys and they can talk to people far away.
he teaches grammar very well.
you can talk to people faster this way and it's much easier.
not only can we use computers to make contact with our families,but we can also use them to speak with our teachers.
all men are created equal, right?
well i dont think computer are good for society because you dont work-out as much as you use to.
it's out , what if you never see a certain family member?
second reason is, people stay in the house sitting down on the computer other than exercising.
however, computers are a great step forward in modern science and are beneficial to communities.
exersicing is an important part of one's daily schedued.
while we are on the computer we spend a lot of time and sometimes causes us to even forget to exercise.
will be the ones and all that important stuff.
why are computers so addicting well they have instant message you can talk to people around the world.
finally, my last reason why i think computers are not good for society is because you can get distracted by it a lot.
the obesity rate is higher than ever and people sitting on the computer all day is not helping.
and i had always walked to my house after school.
i think computers are good to have because most are portable, there fun to have, and you could research a lot of things on them.
sectioning off these novels in an age apropriate area or having parental discression will help to keep the age correct for the books that they get
our teachers are also quite strict.
everything that we see, hear, and read is censored.
florence nightingale introduced the famous “nightingale oath”.
the censorship of certain media is such a controversial topic.
but could it be a bad thing.
in my conclusion, about this article.
without computer student won't be able to look for information they need to know.
the world is revolving around electronics.
america is one of the leading nations with obesity.
not books that i know, can search a topic, show you pictures, and videos of it with one resource!
i do not believe things should be removed from shelves in libraries if they offened someone.
this shows that the mere time spent on a computer, the less interactions are held between son and mom, an important relationship in any one's life.
both parties are now satisfied with the so called: happy-median.
if you were to read a book with opinions about a cirtian race or religion, just keep your opinion to yourself.
i didn't want to tell you this, but i was also a nerd with no hand-eye coordination and i learned just like learned.
god has created men and women.
in these books they use curel language, use wonmen bodyparts as symbols and many more rude things.
clearly, the computer and internet can help support the welfare of buisnesses.
everyone is different, everyone has their own story, just like these books do.
and read about people and go to countries just by a clicking a button is pretty amazing.
i hope you like this artice, thanks for reading.
they might have information to tell people around the world.
well these are my opinion's for having computers.
allowing me to write reports faste and allow more time for revision.
if this is the case i think that its not the right thing to do.
adults have a problem with the offensive material because they have children who go to the library.
since i have two computers and one laptop i have to agree that every person who likes to look up stuff should have a computer.
they are the best because they ahve amazing apps.
people spend so much time on computers they lose touch with the outside world.
next reason why i think computers are bad is spend all working and no time exersing.
people have spent more time having their eyes glue to the computer screen that they don't go out and play or maybe go a gym.
people can send horrible messages to someone.
we see what happens to one person in these articles of entertainment, and it helps us to make sure we don't make the same mistake.
however, there is no better website with all your friends on it.
instead, you could be active in a sport, or just going outside and playing.""
their thing i like and they dont like.
thats a lot and to think they would have never if it wern't for computers.
many people enjoy their time on the computer because, with today's technology so many things can be done and quicker too.
instead of spending hours on your feet go sit on your computer for ten minuets or less.
if someone were to write a book about my religion, i would find it interesting.
when your on your computer for several hours you tend to got sucked in and not interact with anyone.
if we allowed anyone to censor a library then we would have no books to read, movies to watch, or music to listen to.
""people learn everything to the computer"" .
because of the fantesy content people might start to lose sight of reality.
we could potentailly be destroying somones way of life.
they give us many oportunities that wouldn't exist without them.
i would go on the computer and get all the information i need.
there are movies in stores that are rated from , , @num1, , and even for audiences only.
i guess thats just how it is now a days.
if you haven't it's probably because they are inside with their eyes glued to a computer screen.
my second reason is that you can comunicate with computers.
lastly, interacting with family and friends is fun and who doesn't love that.
not only is playing sports fun but at the same tim it is also healthy.
student is happy for picking up the grade but is still unhappy he/she wasn't able to get the items they needed from the start.
click turn off your computers and get out of your chair.
it was very cold at night.
you can't change a thing if one person doesn't like it.
if you don't have in conclusion, computers produce more negative effect on society than good.
in the backyard, there is a small vegetable garden.
the computer is the likes of all the hard working students and adults much, much easier.
when you have a love one you can see them when there a way for a trip.
in the library, in our little town, splits up the variations of the reading materials,music,and movies.
they should be mature enough to get through a book that has name calling and uses the profanity without laughing or taking it offensive.
the computer helps the world everyday.
i do not agree that books and or magazines can be taken offensive.
they just arent appropriate.
these are all valid reasons comuters are beneficial in buissness, and help things get done.
dear , i believe that computers are good far societey.
also, the memory card which allows us to save data on a computer and take it to school or work.
to his patrons.
then readers would demanded that we leave their books alone.
it keeps us healthy.
but thats not all the internet can help you with.
computer are to much lets for from there hold and deo something more with there lives.
finnaly, computers let you learn typing.
this however, is not acceptable.
they certainly take the best parts of online interaction and put them together.
so now think, would you want to be lonely, overweight, and deprived of nature?
one new message.
they don't stop using it until it gone.
they both have some of the same characteristics like chatting to your friends, updating your status every now and then uploading pictures, songs, etc.
when my mom was little she didn't have access to a computer all the time.
if i did remove it than i'm restricting others from experiencing the joys of reading that book.
just think you won't be able to see the stupendous, the seasons changing, withought going outdoors.
if you think back what had helped you complete the paper?
but, unfortunately, even that time she had got a fever and was unable to even cook.
there is a great rush in the school library.
remember, it is always a source of info., you can chat online, and it helps with work.
music is a way that people can express their emotions without taking it out on the people that have hurt them or the people that they have hurt themselves.
censoring a book is taking that persons ability to learn about, and understand a certain topic that was censored.
final reason i can do a lot of things like find a question or do project on.
in a separate section of the market place there are jewelry
we have had less visitors than ever before.""
i do not think so.
she has a long tail.
for the reason, people on the computers get fat from the unbalanced meal and never interact with people outside and nature outside.
playing outside can offer a lot more than a computer.
hand-eye coordination is perhaps one of the most neccessarry aspects of life that a person can have.
its anonymous, and can be detrimental to the lives of others.
people are getting fat because they are sitting at the computer and not doing any movement.
it does alot for us.
the computer makes it possible to experience to territorys.
the average teenager spends between one to four hours on the computer - making the one hour of exercise seem miniscule.
even though you hear them daily, you should never get them from the public library or even any public place where children are around.
can help us get information about various topics.
e-mail is also good for e-mailing links to cool websites, on e-mail can send a funny picture or a video or an important notice.
some street hawkers are not clean.
youc an enter yout topic a search engine and find hundreds of sources that way.
i helps you learn about other country religios, and other thing.
so computers can not only be unhealthy but they can be deadly.
i keep her in a big and beautiful basket.
it is a step up from talking on the phone.
another idea could be setting up reviews on a website with a list of each book in the library.
i stated my reasons why i think computers have a negative effect on people.
a third positive effect computers have on people is teaching them new things.
the more you use a computer the more you know about it.
well get up and go outside.
there are many ways to keep in touch with people over the world, like email, chat rooms, and websites like and .
are less fortanite, but computer help remind and teach us whats going in the world everyday.
mydad and i like to go and play basketball or ping pong with each other.
he teases the young boys and girls of the locality.
my mother had completely got cored.
ever since computers came out, obestity has gone up.
that's our history and everyone needs to learn some of it, weather it's offensive or not.
computers fasinate many and can become very adicting if not used only in moderation.
this not a good way to spend time.
if books are censored some people never even get a chance to see those books and they wont be able to learn from them.
then bad days started.
being able to communicate with one another makes theses people happy, and benefits society.
this is why the books should be out in the open for all to see, but taken to a secluded section.
computers are learning more and more advanced everyday.
this is why i agree with katherine
i love being on the .
sure might take a little bit more work but hey, one has to do .
they support the life of living beings.
these books are classics and should not be changed, or removed from the shelves.
afterall, you cannot shelter children from everything.
in this modern world, seem hard for you to tear away from that trusty computer screen and face life.
it not okay for you too say one thing and something your child found in the library say it okay.
it can relieve stress & can be relaxing.
for instance today my class & i are going to the to look up info on seat belts on buses.
another great characteristic of the computer, is it's ability to let people miles apart converse freely.
it is the same idea with a book or magazine.
""you don't want to be one of those people trust me"" said .
computers even have the ability to help you make brochures or pamphlets.
of people only use computer to connect with family.
my third reason give people the ability to learn about faraway place and people.
i never knew that president had brothers, and gre up in , did you?
computers allow people of all ages to interact with others over the world-wide web.
computers really don't benefit everyday people because you miss out on the greater things of life.
they complete their homework.
so what do you think?
but most people haven't ever prayed a game like that or only play once in a while.
if i want to ever talk with my brother, it is great like he is in my home again.
there is some where to draw the line, in any situation and thats where i think it should be drawn at a library.
you don't exercise, all you do is eat andt talk, but now all you do is eat and on the computer.
i do not believe that certain materials should be removed from the shelves if they are found offensive.
this leaves them exausted for the day ahead.
many things have offensive language but that doesn't mean we can't act like adults, read these books, and realize that they are just stories.
i've had one for almost a year, and you should see all the people who have one.
most students have because studies show it's because of computers.
if a child becomes use to the ease of searching an item on a computer, he will expect all things to be equally simple.
next time, think twice about what you hear about computers because they really aren't all that bad for you.
in katherine's article at the end she said 'and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
that's too bad, because it causes health problems for them and maybe even the generations after them.
finally, more & more people are becomeing unhealthy.
dating cites are now avalible, too.
these computers, help with everyday life.
if the average person tried!
theise simulations many more american lives weold have ben lost in recent wars.""
i strongly beleive that computers are a necessity.
people become obese and have vitamind deficiancy from using their computers so much.
then you buy it or sell it.
dear editor, do you do all day?
this leaves the person working at the movie theatre the option to let in who they believe to be of age.
finally, computer cost a lot of money.
some books are offensive but there books and a library is there to provide books.
i think this is better then simply writing letters to them, as it's quicker, and you get to connect more.
we see them.
this could be in more ways than one.
after all, computers can be educational, a social networks and fun.
everyone has their own opinon about everything.
then soon you can type with without looking.
dear newspaper , opion in thig is that, computer are used all the time.
getting more exercise could help you out in a big way because the less exercise you get means the less healthier you are.
with the games like a majority of kids are ridding bikes skiing or snow boarding by five years old.
addiction a very sericuse matter that we need to fix.
thats not all though.
studies have shown that nowadays of marages ends in a divorce, where as in , it was of .
so else how bad the computer is.
i think computers have a positive effect on people and negative effect one of the positive effects is being able to talk to your friends.
for example when want to talk to my cousin that live in .
i always feel nervous before the examinations.
what a waist money!
imagine your child or someone that is very close to you.
there are so many books and magazines, music, and movies to be discovered in this world.
a few even stared at me insolently.
profesor has done a study showing that people who are on the computer for more than hrs a day are overweight and do not excersise regularly.
take a walk.
we should always try to do our work without harming others in any way.
so why should you take the risk?
that is why you should have computers all the time.
censoreship is great for childrens tv shows.
is vital, and computers are taking this away from society.
they are twins so they like the same stuff so, they both enjoy killing people in games.
so as you can see computers haved changed not on society but also the world.
no one has the right to govern what others believe in the world.
books, music, movies, and magazines are sold for this purpose.
i am sending you this message to state my opinion on the matter and in my opinion i think the computer has very good efects on people.
computers is a little device that can almost let you do anything on it.
without computers some families would lose contact with loved ones who are far away, not to mention it can keep many things very organized and neat easily.
moreover, the catogories are have a great relationship, online cources, and be on the best local websites.
everybody share or have they own and they use it or not they can't force their server to it if somebody wants to net on it.
he was grounded for two months.
what to do now let you on the computer again.
you have bad handwriting and a report is due you go and tipe up on your computer, and your teacher will think you spent all night.
they also appeal to a lot of people across the world.
do you really think need computers to live?
a cat is also known to be the best pet.
computers are very benifical!
because the computer is just words being texted.
the reasons why i agree with computers have benefits is that.
dr 's of researched how parent's hardly spend time with their family.
and that is bad enough.
so, in the end people should know that computers are not benefiticial.
young adults in school also got used to texting.
they start to eat their feelings because of how lonely they are.
one reason is because there is a lot more information on the internet.
there are probably hundreds if not thousands of websites on this subject.
everyone will struggle at some point and its works of art that really get us through it.
it is time to go outside and have fun with your family.
although communication is important for everyone, instead of talking on the computer, people should make plans with their family and friends.
if you did then your thinking about the positive side and not the negative.
in a public library, many children, who the books are censored for, are with their parents.
i know i like to go on the computer better then carrying really heavy books home.
we cant hide from the world.
kids and adults go outside and have fun.
they allow us to communicate with our friends through social networks.
computers don't just benifit our little town of , they benifit our whole socoety in all of the amazing things they do.
what i think it would be better to solve the problem and have everybody get outside and get some freshair with family and friends.
newspapers are found all over the world.
my view on this topic was negitive and i support that fully.
if the people that are publishing and writing these articles in these magazines then yes, they can feel offensive about the things inside the magazine or books.
anthor thing is that you could type up essays that you have to do for work and or school.
dear readers, some of you might think people exercise computers.
i also believe that if the content is not relative to the viewers interests, then they should just not look at it.
the computers bring people together.
so now i ask you, what do you think
patients can email me to schedule an appointment and let me now if they think something's very wrong with them.""
when we wouldn't be working or serving others we would walk around and do some shopping.
so, we should broaden our minds, and see these 'offenses' as a normality.
i think that offensive books and music and media should not be taken off of the shelves.
the censorship of libraries is absolutely wrong and it is also unjust.
sure some people just chat and learn about that far away place they could go there and explore the buety and nature.
my father hugged me and said he was proud of me.
you can keep in touch, plus .s.
it took me seven days to learn.
do you think computers are helpful?
if you just pick up that old curling weight one curl is ten times as better then a click of a computer mouse dont believe me try it.
we will need to redesign buildings to have doors big enough for our bodies to fit through.
suddenly he noticed a passenger smoking.
the effects computers have on people is good (for the most part).
that is one thing that i don't live about computers is that people can get harrased.
with this reason, why doesn't anyone else see why computers are beneficial to society?
so, every couple days, he video chatted with me instead so i could talk to him.
its just apart of life
dear, computers do have positive effects but the negative effects are much worse than the positive effects.
i think so because sooo many peole have it.
yes but, it's a good cause, it's not like because forever.
it can also befor pleasure, say 'son & buissness trip in .
people like you and me use computers to keep in touch with friend and people we know.
lastly, computers help people receive news about what is happening around the world.
computers have proven to be a big role in job profiles all over the world.
do you use a computer in your job?
this game is right now the most played game on the in this .
it’s popularity gives it immense power in molding public opinion.
please continue on to learn about how we should use the computer.
they walk to the section they like and pick out a book and normaly don't go to the section that they don't like.
many of my own friends are update status or pictures on for three hours every night.
nothing is censored on the internet, so if your all about censorship, don't go onto to the internet.adults do not need censorship.
computers have a positive effect on people because jobs are using them frequently.
but, if your newspaper were written out by hand, then that would take a lot of time, people, paper, & money.
we should not get rid of the obscenity at all.
i think they do.
computers teach hand eye cordination by being able to do two things at.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
people the ability is check-out on what's going on around the world or checking for the weather.
they make us happy, made us smarter, and make us a better society for it.
if you're sixteen and reading a book, then that's too inappropriate for their age limit.
communicating is something else the computer helps with.
with each passing day, computers help advance the future and help make the world a better place.
ago people would have to write our everthing word by word letter by letter.
computers also business grow through advertisment or work softwares.
the people cannot catch them easily, because they run fast.
they are known to be friendly and intelligent by nature.
is sad to think that technology has taken over so much that is ruining poeples lives.
first, i feel that books should not be removed from libraries because some people think that they are offensive.
so i am going to tell what i think over this subject.
some driving schools even make their students learn to drive in a simulator before hitting the open road.
these are three reasons why i believe computers have a positive effect on people.
if one person does not find the content of a book attractive then simply do not read the book.
in opinion, i feel that this invention be is taking a negetive toll on society.
hindus clean and decorate their houses
also there are new things like where you can play games with your friend and talk to them while youre playing.
also, some say using a computer can give you hand eye coordination.
if this freedom were to be taken away, it would definitely not go unnoticed.
for example slavery can offensed a colored person but to others it is just a historical event.
if you dont want to die from being to heavy then i advise you to get off the computer and go outside and live yor life.
we should take precautions and do deep thinking.
you can discuss things like weather, ideas you have, you can even plan exercise days.
i dont think the cussing books are that offensive.
there should not and the key reason as to why is because it is history.
finally, there is heart disease, a top killer in our country.
if its a historical movie, it shouldn't be censored because it takes away from the true story.
now some people can argue that you can learn about current events on or a newspaper.
why is it here?
firstly, people are spending too much their time surfing the net.
and i'm sure if you were one of those parents you wont be too happy.
computers are good for learning about people and places.
would you want to find your little one looking at a magizine with nude wemon in it?
that same song is then tagged with a gray tag that states: 'clean.'
other reaasons include, citizens the world need an easier way to communicate with each other, and some people have to work at home.
told me, "" the computer was never invented, they would be like ghosts to me.""
so as you can see i don't think it is fair that books get taken off the shelf if people find the book offensive.
it rots your brain and studies acually show that people are less aware and less connected to the world and the people around them.
just leaving college when it's really a year old just getting ready to enter the senior center.
the libraries needs more than one copy of a book, so they will not fight over it.
the first subject on my agenda is the hand-eye cordination skills.
do you have perfect handwriting?
most impotantly you want to be energized and healthy with no vision problems and stop those awful headaches?
tomorrow isn't promised, we live for today.
they are also used for several different things like downloading music on your .
personal and meaningful conversations sometimes be.
now on to more about how computer are good to society.
some other advantages of computers are the computers functions.
and the benfit of the computer like hand-eye coordination, talkative skills and more and easy knolage.
censorship should never be allowed in libraries or anywhere else in my opinion.
well thank you for reading my opinions about computers.
people can now do things that we could never do before.
one of my friends moved to when we were in grade, but we still e-mail each other, and are still friends.
lastly when your on your computer all day you don't realize what nature has to offer fresh air and animals.
i think the movies, books and even music that have bad language, violence, and bullying need to be hidden from childern.
first of all, computers are a big source of knowledge.
just because a book is offensive to you doesn' mean 's offensive to everyone.
internet is great for communication.
they want money, clothes, grain, food or anything else.
this is first reason.
the next day you get your paper back and theres a a stamped right across it.
or playing , you are addicted to the it can also interfere with family events, sports.
if they get bad grades they could fail the marking period and stay back.
i have computers, but we have, books for a reason, no spank, pop ups, or no distractions while working.
this is a terribele thing for the people, but a very, very good thing for the bad people.
my third and final reason why computer have bad effects on people is that kids do bad in school.
that is an extremly high statistic!
you use a webcam and talk to anyone you want.
also, skimming throught paragraph after paragraph on the computer is much simple.
i don't think they should be taken off the shelves but i do believe they should be put into a different section in the library.
come on now-can't we agree that computers have a negative offers ?
computers take over peoples lives, you don't know who is looking you up on facebook or and know you can do almost anything on them.
but its your choice to take that to heart or just laugh about it.
we never know who is actually right or wrong about topic.
he has many instruments for his work.
if you are not a game person you can play servays.
it has gone from just being able to go to school to the various ways to increase your intelligence on the computer.
the topics typed into search engines will help find any information help to you.
computers are they lot us chat with friends and family.
for example a game, is one the most popular addictive games ever made.
strikes and balls is your count.
we have witch is the .c of laptops or phone with internet.
you shouldn't have to throw a book off a shelf because one or two people thought bad about it.
only this time, she did not want me to check out.
why not let them challenge themselves in a good book, that they got to pick out.
computers have a positive effect on people because they are very helpful.
every person in the world is different, but we have one thing in common.
he rarely gets any excersize and he almost never sees daylight.
dear local newspaper, computers are a huge thing now adays.
dear local newspaper i disagree because people should just enjoying spending time with famimely and not on the computer doing nothing do you agree with me so far?
there are some people who are mature enough to see the offensive material but there are others who can't.
with computers you can have , online directions that can tell you the fastest and easest way to get to your place.
maybe a great song that made you happy, or a movie that made you laugh.
i dont think that it is right though for young children to learn about these things.
i agree with computers do produce a positive impact on children.
i have tons of experiences of movies, books, music, and magazines that have offended me.
last but not least, computers teach skills that can be applied later in life.
not only is it convienent, but this saves money.
there is also a childrens section called the easy or picture book section.
, owner of , said ""i have never seen in my entire life, so many people using there computers and internet.
just think computers this way a helping brain for those who work hard.
no registration to get a library card.
if you have good social skills, your boss like, and apreciate you more.
dear , computers are helpful once in a while but out of people believe that they are a waste of electricity.
how much easier could it get?
but in many different ways.
this is because if they spend all their time on the computer they can get sick.
i would have to say that they are good and bad you really can't pick a side.
computers also help us make new freinds.
there is good old fashioned music such as .
they allow you to write efficiently and neatly.
nothing ask yourself that.
computers are one of the best ways to keep in touch.
so again, if a gurdian really wants their child to stay away from certain reading material they can forbid their child by theirselves.
people won't remember how to talk.
those who support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
it is easy to learn while on computer too, and you all communicate with people also!
without that email, we woulden't be able to know that .
when your in school, you need to type lots of prompts, labs, and vocab.
, help keep in touch with old college buddies', but no computer can replace face-to-face communication.
another issue too much computer time can cause, , are even more health issues.
by edcuting youth so they don't make mistakes such as racial ways.
this need for the computer can be bad.
not only do the schools help students, but also everyday people help as well.
some people are also now things about people are about some eles.
families are fighting/arguing more often, and spouses getting in divorces because they never get to spend time together.
of yale university has conducted extensive reaserch and proven that many computers that are being used by people can be damage of using it every time.
so get right up and decide.
i talk to all of my aunts via facebook and other social websites.
it's all there right at your fingertips.
because right now some job are going bank ruded.
she left me with the maidservant.
at the library i attend many poeple different shapes and sizes walk through the door everyday.
tnanchnolage waf ont ot we wod not go to the moon.
there is a number of impacts these skills can make.
video games are one of the greatest advances in computer technology but also one of the deadliest.
also, not everything found is what is true or right.
they diminish , so bad increases and the need for increases.
when i was in the sixth grade my teacher asked me to read and write a summary on 'a '.
this illustrates the power of computers allowing people to do things that were once impossible.
you can keep in touch wih many people trough !
what if kids get bad stuff off the shelf ?
some reasons i think this is that we get a lot of knowledge from it, contact people you dont live near and haven't seen in a while.
those are my top reasons and i'm going to give more details.
you should never tell anyone where you live or your full name online.
really they do, 's important that they get their body moving and blood flowing through their body.
you would get bunch of websites containg information about trees.
computers can mess up your relationships with family and friends.
they choose to only beleive their ideas and refuse to listen to anyone else's.
many reasons why i dont agree.
they family will get rewing.
water of the ocean is salty and not suitable for drinking.
all of us-myself, my father, mother, sister and younger brother clambered in the boat.
for example, walking the dog, or kicking the soccer ball around.
in conclusion, i think that we should have computers.
there is a lot of content on the internet that simply can't be in school.
my computer which is filled with emails from distant relatives and friends.
to end with, my last argument is about people's skills.
with out computers we would have to wait in longer lines for what we want to buy.
why would anyone do this to themselves?
there are many health concerns that take place in a generation full of computers.
they aren't being active.
that helps with hand-eye coordination, because you can see where your hand is without looking.
computers are very helpful to many it gives them an education, and they can interact with many people.
there are websites such as nytimes.com and cnn.com that give you daily news.
once, any family got to a wedding in , but we didn't know much .
such as staying organized, studies, and even entertainment.
people should be exercising, and hanging out with friends and family, computers dont even teach you that much if you really think about it.
the kids we saw years ago were on the right path.
i believe they be correct.
it's alot less words if you use a computer.
emailing is used for many things.
this would not be possible without computers.
so this would be another plus on what a coumputor dose to a human.
secondly, computers can bad for your health, at a the eyes, and people with trouble seeing.
or have you ever wondered or said to your self any of these statements?
going on the computer all the time can became an addiction.
what is your opinion on reading materials?
that being said, certain things can be done so that would know if something would be offensive or not.
of teens are shopping by brand names, like: , , , .
i mean, people are too busy looking up things on the web that nobody can truly appreciate.
when you have homework and don't know the meaning of a word, you could always look up the definition of it.
so should they be removed?
you socialize with people all across the world through a network.
next, computers can help you learn new things online.
your want to just so you the computer.
playing games can be done outside, it doesn't have to be inside, and definately doesn't have to be on a computer.
this program lets students view the interesting way world cultures in videos!
not kids have ways to find out what their going to be in live.
so don't start taking stuff off your shelves.
we researched the customs, the foods, the way of dressing, the traditional holidays, and their way of entertainment.
i trust that you will agree with me that computers have a negative effect on people.
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you about the use of computers and how they are bad for society.
it could be anybody even a pedafile.
you can just imagine on what they're learning and how well they're doing on school.
you would forget to at least go for a jog, discover new thing.
wouldn't you be?
i will gain weight and then run it off and ignore the computer for a week.""
some books can have violent language and actions in the book.
yet, i believe that it could have a negative influence as well.
i, myself like to read scary books, they give me chills and all types of questions runing through my brain.
its feet are padded.
if the parent does not want their child to go into a section then, the parents can just say keep away from that area.
my last reason is that people argue that it is some thing that helps you learn about people and far away places, but books the same thing.
computers are impotant because you can look up sites that will help you eat health foods.
i strongly believe that computers do benefit society for three reasons.
do you have a favorite interaction website?
this is a big issue especially if you have a webcam.
are they amazing or what?
from their you can end up with an empty bank account or even identity theft.
i think computers are bad and everyone would be happy with out them.
there are health problems created by computers, but they also teach the next generation that things come very easily.
they are so much fun to play and what i am talking about is video games.
as a matter of fact it's physically, mentally and socially.
they can bring people together.
in the end the books that are on the shelf are the choice of the library because they are the people that purchase the books.
if you were lucky you could find a bit of what you were looking for.
just becasue something has a bad word or phrase in it doesn't mean it needs to be taken away from peoples enjoyment!
so, instead those people could just quickly and easily send a email no instant message to who ever they need to talk to.
it be offensive to you but other people not think the same way.
other people comitt suicide because the way they appear and no one wants that.
for example, many people use the computer to chat with their friends.
movies have ratings like video games do.
sceptics might ask the question "" not go to a library.""
it all depends on the situation where this material is distributed in.
you can tell i do not have the greatest hand writing.
computers also help with making graphs and data tables for science lab reports.
everyone has a right to form their own views and oppinions on things, but they can not if they do not read other people's oppinions.
it gives people a good education.
kids can use this as sample/model essay and write your own essay.
this is also a good way for people to decide if they would like to experience the ideas and language presented by the matieral rated.
we are on the brink of violence and total chaos.
in conclusion, the computer helps society a great deal more than it hinders it.
although each side has its own reasons, computers do have a positive effect on people and on society.
t.v's use to be the issue for people not excercising, but now computers are doing just the same.
this is happening more and more frequently.
because of computers people don't go out.
""i have messy handwriting"", student, . ""
my teachers enjoy it when i use the computer to do my work, they said its alot neater"" said romano from strong middle school.
so what do you think.
music and movies that promote things that young children should not be doing.
computoras are just about anywhere houses, schools and even crime & medical labs.
blc computers have just benifited us more than ever.
if you have a test or quiz in , you can go on your computer and print out practice sheets.
there should be action,adventure, humor, love, etc.
computers were at their beggining for society so everyone thought they were great.
alot of questions can be answered on the computer by doing research.
with all that you dont even need books.
this is just one example of how social networks are helpful.
also, ads and website with false information can fall down our youth even more with ignorance and ignorant belifs.
this is why the taj mahal is seen as an eternal symbol of love.
first of people should be spending time with and friends because they are teh most important people aroun ud not computers.
because it can glue people the ability to learn about anything they want to learn.
my mother who saw that my father was harvesting in the paddy field alone, went to help him.
without a dabt computers do nothing but benefit the people of our society.
and at the end of the day it's about who's smarter not who does more excerise.
when your on the computer all day everyday your missing out on whats happening with your family you miss out on every thing that's going on.
people can check their local weather forecasts to see of the weather will effect their plans.
of the obese population in the die from a heart attack.
computers have dramatically changed lives forever.
many people say that computers can have a bad effect on people.
maybe then people wouldn't be offended by it.
i hope everyone else will see resons for supporting computers.
you could build a lot.
i think most people would agree i say everyone in this world should be treated the absolute same.
for my mom, 's usually working or checking her e-mails.
she knew what it was like when she was young.
everybody thinks different and as you go to school or work everyday you find that obvious by just about anything the person is doing or owns.
as mentioned, camputers have can a negative effect on your health.
and the worst part is parents don't care some children go on the computer for hours a day and there parents don't encorige them to go outside.
wow, the rate went went up like in each year.
i do not agree with this.
a family member could be watching a funny on youtube or and could think its so funny that they want their whole family to see it you.
another reason why spending too much time on computer is bad because you need to learn how to enjoy nature and get out scid.
some people believe that censored books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from libraries.
we are certainly not helping this issue when we have childre.
lastly, might nit be active but live playing or going other online websites.
however censorship in a library can be a good thing if used delicately.
there are so many books and movies out there that teach us of life before our generation.
everyone is intitled to there own opions.
when i was younger i had a whos grandmother lived to dad.
some like country, classical, metal, and maybe even rock.
if you say yes, i would like to no why.
also, , from says people believe that using the computer gives you benefits, but they dont.
someone riots and they get to take off the shelf.
this is causing kids to become less active.
computers also, give people the ability to see, understand, and gives information about people across the world.
taxis, buses, and scooters were parked outside.
a major debate of today would be that of the media.
i think that computars have a negitive impact on people.
if they can get illistrated they should be able to be read or listened to.
i met many of my friends and relatives with whom i exchanged pleasantries and information about the families.
some peol argue that the computer will take away from enjoying nature, spending time with family and friends and exercising.
he is every inch a gentleman.
they do more bad than good in my opinion.
people who do nothing, but watch television are often refered to as cauch potatoes.
life's too short for that.
if you think a book or movie is offensive then you have that right to not watch or read it.
this letter will effect others so thanks for reading.
so you go online and learn everything and anything about .
thank you for your time.
computers take time away from something that should be thw most important to everyone, family.
sure you can see pictures of nature on the internet, but!
it is not up to the general public to say what is right or wrong.
that's going to be a hard work to do.
this is when computers come in handy.
researchers have proven inactiveness is at large due to many, facebook, mysape and twitter users.
finally, they will take out all thethe books of star wars and forgetten ralms.
sitting at a will really have your eyes, brain, muscles and other important bodyparts due to lack of sleep and want for it.
mr. david is a wealthy businessman.
guess is terrible.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches hand-eye coordiantion.
for example, , mycousin, just found me on facebook.
you bear of people using computers to do work all of the time.
man is a social animal.
google something like trees.
so you won't have to worry that you wont have enough money when you got there.
they do benifit are society grately.
to be on the computer too much, your family will start to worry about you.
they fired questions after questions.
if you like to watch .
to begin with, the learning ability people get from it has improved.
you can keep in touch with your friends and use it for your job.
every where on the web are cool gamesor funny videos.
another arugment people might have is that libraries are a public place, right?
each book in a library bears its own relation to each person that enters that library.
you just have time for friends and family.
this is why a computer is a useful thing to use.
his son had killed himself from being bullied on the internent and at school.
computers make this a whole lot easier on us.
so remember, even though computers are
i would like more organization for certian things, i do know people have their own ideas about things that should be in a book.
this is why some material should only have premettid acess under watchfull guard
but how does the computer?
just as they are today in our local library
furthermore, computers help talk with other people.
this information proves that computers can actually suport replationships.
myspace, facebook, twitter, you name it, is how the crime rates are increasing now.
please do remember that technology can serve as a skill maintenance tool, educational, and as a connection for our foreign born citizens.
games keep us physically fit.
some were sitting on the benches.
dear , computers are a great invention!
computors have a bad effect on people.
in addition jobs have been lost from this had economy.
you just have to be strong and take anything that comes your way, and you have to be ready for it.
i have three ressons why computer are good or bad.
putting a book or a magazine about drugs in libraries are not going to make kids or people try drugs.
stop being lazy and get out.
they help communicate around the world.
but how many of us really observe discipline.
i don't drink or do drugs, because my parents were there if i had a question about something i didn't understand in a book or media.
probably not will that computer game running.
as soon as i got home from school, i would always go on the computer.
well, i !
there was my main reasons why people should have a computer.
but, you can get kinds of information from books.
you can even get work for students at school so that way the can learn more and do different activities.
you can also have conversations through email with no problem.
if a child checks out a book and their parents let them, it is the parents fault.
or you could go for a slow, realaxing bike ride through a trail with a constant cool breeze, brushing your face with every of your wheels.
another reason computers could lower your quality of life.
computers also are very addicting.
computers are very helpful they are a very big part in are world, ability to learn about very interesting facts, and they allow people talk online too.
there is also a whole bunch of : multiplayer, figure, castle defense, shnaler sports, racing, acade, and so on.
just don't shut them out of what you read because you were offended.
this reminds me of the time when a massive earth quake hit and traumatized its citizens.
one thing that is important about the computer is the advances in technology caused by it.
you honestly cannot find a book without atleast one bad word in it.
dear newspaper, i believe comuputer have made a great effect on people in society.
if a child can not see a rated movie at the theatre, why should they be able to check them out freely at the library?
this is where people bully kids over the internet.
would you want to be the person to take away computers?
with only a couple of people feeling offensive to some things, but the majority find different, that would ruin for everyone almost.
right now, more than of the people have at least one or more computers at home.
some are small and some are big.
computers can keep friends together and save families from drifting apart.
exercising will keep you in shape and if you plan on playing sports, you should jog a couple times of day.
that is socilizing with friends, family or even strangers.
the next reason is that computers don't just have a bay effect on people, but our enveironment too.
another amazing aspect of computers is that they improve eye-hand coordination greatly.
without computers hundreds of copies of your newspaper wouldn't be able to b made every day.
the whole lesson will deal glorifying the quick success of an immoral character.
would you let them remove those materials or would you fight for them to stay.
but by dispensing alms as charity, we do not help them.
and lastly they are the future of our world!
so their for i think spending a lot of time on a computer is bad.
they appear in films and books and now have invaded all walks of life.
there are websites on the internet where the user just types the question in, and they get an answer.
my cousin , who is a big time baseball player, used to have trouble catching the when he was younger.
my experience with commputer's is good because i can play games or do my homework.
but using the computer with homework and school work will make it where you can make sure your work is correct.
or i would give them different house to choose from and give them a good deal on it.
they should have a secton just for these books.
whenever he sees a stray dog, a cat or a bird, he
what is offensive to you?
parents can censor what their kids read if they want.
so you should try to make people be on the computer less often.
if you control the amount of time you use on a computer then you will be fine.
you can use to find people you need to find.
kids could be enjoying other things besides computers.
so i emailed him and how i get a response and i fixed my laptop.
although computers are a great piece of techology, many don't get outside to enjoy the nature & fresh air because their computers are inside their homes.
she said 'oh my!'
the books and things in a library help you with so much research.
libraries are a resource to people that want to read and learn about new things.
instead of going for a walk, people would spend hours on facebook.
as the quote says, everyone has the same right to read, which is true.
if it does happen, we would be deleting part of our history and knowledge.
i believe that this technology is a great help to society today.
also, say you want to go far for vacation; like .
thirdly, family and friends are not spending as much quality time together as they should.
this is why computers are beneficial to the society.
all of my experiences seem to point to not reading books that cause distress or controversy.
computers can be unhealthy, i think that generally they're helpful.
secondly, in favor for computer use is because gives us the oppurtunity to learn about places and people from all around the world.
dear , since electricity was invented technology has developed at a rapid rate.
obesity is of the biggest problems in the and is growing bigger everyday.
but instead of just going and sitting on the couch for the whole night you could go to the computer and do a fun game for a little while.
should books that be offensive to others no because there are hundreds and thousands of different books and even more.
she has a lot of work to do but she never gets angry with the lord of work.
but then i do see it the other way to.
also you can chat with or old friends.
some enjoy romance and comedy, while others like to read action books or mysteries.
computers made these things much easier for people to accomplish.
you could also order it to your house online if you dont got alot of time to go shopping.
also, we wouldn't know if we could help them or not.
it saves time and is way neater.
please help defend us kids in this case about computer use.
as i said before people should spend less time on computer.
there are now several ways to talk to friends, phones, texting, instant messaging, and even video chat!
it also has a grammer check.
they will go some where else to get the movie or what ever there getting.
about their kids, what happens if they want to playing they have nothing also to do card their?
or a site called wikipedia you can look up a certain thing and get a whole web page dedicated to the info of that object or person.
my child shouldn't be looking for a book on pie then find out its not about pie.
the world is a beutiful place, and the more you , the less you realize it.
it is necessary to solve the problem of overpopulation.
the eldest son helps him in the business.
all in all , having computers is a great investment.
computers are like little robots that control your mind and body, it sucks the life cut of you.
clearly, without computers life as we know it would be way different.
for example, books that would be found offensive to children should be kept away from where children can pick out things in a library.
that is how even came to be.
honestly, there really is no reason to keep making books.
this is because when people are able to have the determination to lose weight and head healthier , they feel they can can over the world.
i enjoyed the scenery of green hills on either side of the railway line.
if this solution doesn't work there are many more.
you could just put age restrictions on the books.
i remember when my friend was over and i was on a computer.
you have exactly what you need to know in front of you within seconds, prettty cool right?
don't try to take away all the offensive materials, it will just bring violence and make it all much worse than it was.
if i could pick what to do i would keep the books on the shelves and make the kid happy
many people either in school or in the work field will most likely need to research something to get a better understanding.
the computer allows you to send e-mail to a families computer or celluar phones.
computers make work easier and neater.
although technology is used in everyday life from communication to searching for information it can slowly us the human race down.
while these children are on the comptuer they dont even think they just chow down on """".
not all games have to be like "" of "" or "" of "" they can be games about sports.
luckily the burglars coould not open them in the hurry.
the earth gets heat, light and energy from the sun.
many people in those businesses use not only phones to communicate, but computers as well.
any student would rather go online than have to bring a giant textbook to and from school.
my ambition is to become a doctor.
business and companies around the nation are relying on the advances in technology, why change anything?
there are a lot more good than bad things.
i think the computer is absolutely necessary and is a very irresplaceable piece technology.
dear local newspaper, i don't know if i am understanding correctly but are you honestly thinking about not advancing technology?
therefore censoring books is wrong because it goes against freedom of speech.
well if you think it is negative i am going to show you why it is actually very positive.
of course her and exchanged some hateful looks but we looked past that, and she moved on with her life.
next off i am going to tell you about how a computer can't really kill you.
or sendin letter?
i also think computers have a good effect on people because of the new technology.
theses books all have history in them of our past.
some people say that your getting finger and arm exsersize by and moveing the mouse, thats not really true.
do you want to find out when major legue baseball first came to be?
therefor, computers do have a positive effect on people you can stay communicated, updated with the latest news and have an advance education
go to , facebook, twitter, or something that will save you gas and money.
hurry, it's now or never.
i have an uncle named , that has little girls.
today many jobs in due using a computer, and technology is getting mom advanced.
most libraries i have been to have different areas for each age group.
unless you want to put one of your love ones' in the hospital do not use the computers.
he sends me pictures of his college, friends, and any fun places that he goes.
another thing you can do is download music to your do you ever have line that think of not busy so do it now.
there are still people who believe that libraries need to censor their books.
it's not like parents can keep us away from it forever.
lastly, there are always animals that need help.
this brings me to my next topic.
i dont know why i dislike but i do.
people are missing out on enjoying nature little and big beatities.
in conclusion, computers have a negative effect on people and parents should control their child's time on the computers.
not only those but, people are still interacting with others.
on showing people their recent jobs.
one of the of statements is of speech giving people the right to say and wright what they want.
we would have to hand write those books and hand sew our clothes.
finally, computers provide you with so much knowledge and is great for education.
with computers that number goes down into the thousands.
they say that this powerful technology has been more effective and quicker.
this device allows you to talk to people with some human interaction.
students like myself of often use computers for many reasons.
computers are getway to countless amounts of knowledge that everyone should have access to.
with the you could learn a lot.
dear, whom concern; local newspaper.
so a computer is a good invention.
if we dont agree with some of the literature that are being placed in our society's schools, stores, and homes.
libraries, not many people like them, but most people do.
but if someone has to write a report on , it would be best to have as much information on him as possible.
since we are in a restion we will need those couple hundred dollars for savings.
secondly the more technology there is, we are going to have less.
these days come quite often, but what does do?
our military uses web cams to let the soliders talk to their families.
if eveyone sticks to doing what they like and don't worry about the other stuff then eveyone will be fine.
for many people using a computer is a life style, it's something we tend to use more than religiously and that not be the best thing.
they keep many differnt books, magazines, and movies there, so that people with all different tastes can enjoy the library.
thank you for your time.
because of this, computers are definately beneficial to society.
this would not help.
do you ever have a question that you instantly want or the to?
well a friend of mine used to go outside everyday went outside to play.
this is an approved message thank you for your time, goodbye.
computers are a good thing because you could email your family or friends any time you want too.
there it is .
let them make money, they can sell whatever they want.
as i was in elementary school, we had recess but now in middle school we never have it.
statistics show that you can find more information on a computer than a book.
our body is a wonderful creation of god.
sometimes your friends.
no, no i do not.
websites are invented on the main idea of communicating.
when that happens a person will forget whats really important to them.
computers are one of the only ways that people fighting in the wars can talk to their relatives.
some families even eat dinner at the computer.
although there are some upsides to computers like doing research and interacting with people, there are more bad aspects then good ones when it comes to computers.
also many times this can be an altenative to parents buying their children expensive cell phones.
that's not the same as an actual walk with the wind in your face the fresh smell, & all the animals, at least not to be.
many people before us went through everyday life without them.
we all want our kids to be happy.
the person i like this because type of person would spend most of their life on the computer and don't go find a job go enjoy their life.
lastly, computers are a good way to socialize because of the range it can travel.
it's like taking candy away from a innocent baby because it will rot it's teeth out.
even kids who go to school need to use the internet of the computer for something like a project or homework.
why does the world continue to put up with computers and their negative effect on humanity?
most girls are in the stage where they are maturing, still immature, but working their way up the scale.
they might even explain why he or she is having the class read the book and why the children need to be exposed to this type of literature.
we should all be given the oppertunity to read or not read what another person finds inapporaite.
it seems that people are getting fatter every day.
and have fun.
dear , and kids of any age at this society, are way to focused on the latest technology.
they don't put down their get off their emails and they feel like they don't see each other.
they allow people to learn about hand-eye coordination.
all on different websites of course but that's beside the point.
that had to change your mind, or nothing will.
for many, this deletes the purpose of going outside.
nature holds natural wonders like the , the and the .
movies there is a lot of diffent movies out there.
like i said in the beginning computers are part of our everyday life, and its not a bad thing, they can be very helpful.
i think i agree that computers affect people.
ladies in european countries use ostrich feathers for their hats.
just recently there been earthquakes in and you can spread the news to family members or friends to tell them to support and help those in need.
i rarly get to tell to them now because i can't afford to travel that distance ofter.
sure there book but they don't always have everything you're looking for.
yes, they do research and all of that but physically they're not.
some people are working all day, leaving early in the morning and getting back late, so that they rarely spend time with those they love.
you can know everything about that country without ever visiting!
well thanks to computers it is as easy as turning on your computer.
not only can i seek help from others on my computer but i can stay in touch with my friends and family.
if there is a bad picture or anything in it they took it off.
they can cause many problems in your life.
it is only because the farmer works so hard that we get our food so easily.
people ignore their parents when on computer.
second, computers help people communicate with others.
thank you for your time, and thank you for reading my paper.
fortunately my friend’s prediction came true.
this is dangerous, because a gaming addiction can lead to delusion, inadequency, obesity.
you'll find that in the end, computers end up as benefits for everyone.
in my opinion, the increasing use of computers is not benefiting society.
you could censorship the books and hide them from the public, but that would cause another problem.
but, when they here that word or read about something or watch.
but, if you had better hand-eye coordination then you probably wouldn't have fallen!
although some people believe that computers are pulling people away from the beauty of nature, relatives, or exersize.
myspace, facebook and all the other crazy site s on the web are not good.
if we were not introduced to it so early, we would not be going behind our parents' backs trying to do it.
please think about what i have said and thank you for taking your time out of your day to read this
in this country, an author can write freely about whatever he desires and he is not subject to penalty for doing so.
first, computers are good for communicating.
libraries shouldn't remove items just becouse some people find it ofensive.
well, if you don't, it's because you spend to much time on the computer.
keeping kids out of the room is a near impossible task, whether it is actually watching the movie or hearing the movie through his bedroom wall.
for example, my friend stay on the computer more than hours.
in softball you need to have hand-eye cordination, this will help you swing at the ball more accuratly.
if you don't want your kids or anybody else kids looking at something you believe is offensive.
those are some of the reasons the internet is good for communication.
, i believe that computers aren't as good as many people think.
booksdear , staring to tell you about the books in the libraries that some adults find offensive so for the kids.
thank you for your time.
the computers can help you stay connected with them.
dear , you know that in every families own a computer?
the fina; reason i think that computers have a positive effect on society is because it gives you information about issues in the world.
the reason i say this is because if you are on the computer your life is passing by you.
but one thing for sure is that i go on funnyjunk.com to play games cause they have so much fun games that you can play.
you've just got to learn to adapt to it.
it revolutionized both gaming and the way people look at gaming.
i'm in grade.
libraries have books that spark interest in a reader.
by using computers i have acquired greater knowledge and have found computers beneficial.
i highly agree because adults can stay in touch with freinds from middle school.
i i have computers do benefit society.
another excuse that computer lovers do is they say they are doing research on a country.
thank you for taking the time to read essay and i hope you can see things way.
whey people dont agrees to use the computer.
the computer was the only things that mattered.
also another reason it is good because you can talk to relatives you havent seen.
that's some things that help us with life.
another is that it lets people stay in touch with family and friends around the globe.
without computers, kids wouldn't be able to gather facts or information to write a paper.
without contact with your loved ones is sad because if you wanna talk to them you can email them to see how they are doing.
terrorists can communicate by the internet.
if "" "" readers were aware of this, lots of trouble would be prevented and lots of time would be saved.
a ringmaster came with a lion.
if you are interested in a place in the world you can type in the name of the place and get facts about cultures, foods, and more.
my brother, , was having problems with learning about the seasons, but with one click, he was full of knowledge.
it would be just like the movie theatre.
have you ever read ?
censorship of music and movies is not right either.
you should also agree and let computers stay to perfessionals.
i know many parents and other adults think that e-mails are a waste of energy but actually they're faster than letters will ever be.
i would keep that type of books, music or movies might you ask?
some kids are younger and don't know how to find information for a project.
the causation of such a tragedy was that every citizen befriended their television or video games.
you wouldn't like it if that happened to you.
should there be computers in are society.
firstly, computers can entertain.
remind yourself to have atleast minutes to yourself and to do waht you want but get some exercise also.
well computers teaches kids a lof of things like hand-eye coordination.
certenly you would not want to take away all of things knowlege and help being given to hot kids and adult on the computer.
that is why i think computers are helpful.
he had immense patience and strove for perfection in everything.
business men are not the only ones doing that though.
where would it lead us if we don't?
okay enough of that but how do these things inventions iprove our lives.
and don't forget .
at the library, there is a music section, movie section, and lastly the books.
exercise is a very key aspect in anyone's life.
back when we had slaves that is what they were called.
because this show i realized that computers kinds anti-social divorce between parents go up.
he is fourteen years old.
our construction workers work hard during their busy seasons.
our family will video chat with him over a program called .
moving along, i want to talk about how you can get information in a instant with computers.
computers are one of the most futiristic objects.
the video games are a perfect example because the programers use a computer to porgram what you want to happening the game and thet takes hours to complete.
because they teach hand eye coordination, give us the ability to learn about far away people and places and allow us to chat online with people.
spending time in nature is that particular persons.
first, instead of talking to people on the computer, than in person.
my opinion stillis the same and i'm sure that there are others who believe the same.
he should be humble and polite.
another reason why i think we should use computer because sometimes that is the only way you can get in touch with someone.
one day, in summer, the clouds appeared in the sky.
in my experenice, i have had that happen where i cheaked out a book on something and it turned out very offensive to me.
i can connect to this because i had a relative, who admitted that he gained at least five pounds.
if someone did not like your house and said i don't want to see it should they have to demolish it just like nothing?
computers are beneficial in several ways.
i knew i have!
other are very inportant.
i achieved a lot of knowledge by reading various books and newspapers.
people say its a faster connection to people not could reach.
so they check online and find about it there.
it is much easier to log onto a computer and type in a question than search an entire book to find an answer.
the reading of this novel can be interpreted to favor my argument, as people lived happily without controversial books.
also if you are disturbed by music or movies then simply dont listen/watch them but let other people who is interested in them learn.
also, of those , provide reliable, correct information.
"" , my computer crashed.""
if a person was to not want a certain type of books in the library, then i think that person should just try and ignore the books.
dear local newspaper, technology is a ever evolving thing and more and more people are using it.
likewise thet don't like to change there favorite music types.
although this information be in a local library.
also computers enable you to learn about people that lived before your time.
being on the computer all the time will mess up your soical activitys with other people.
one person find the book offensive and the next person not.
these are many great things you can do outside.
one of the many things a computer can help you with is keeping in touch with family members of friends that live far away.
then, kids start doing that on writing in school and most even know it.
for they are very important.
so this is one reason that i think a computer is good for.
computers have many advantages that people learn very quickly.
computers are addicting also because of online computer games.
by not allowing kid's do do whatever they want and showing some authority lets kid's around the know they need to show some respect.
the individual does not need edited objects, or music to listen to the music or other objects without being offended.
do you want that for our youth?
i was so upset about leaving my old friends.
some say computers have negative effects on people when using them but i for one disagree with that statement.
is this what you want for your you and your children to be separated by tecongly?
it also has a number of storybooks and magazines.
the library is not just for the children but also for the adults.
taht's all i ask is that you especially spend time with family because you can always get more friends or anew computer.
for example let's say you are writing a paper on the computer that is due tomorrow.
i would say that i am a very healthy person.
the quote that katherine paterson declairs a very strong point and is completely true in my eyes.
some find them more offensive than others.
first, i think some of the music they play and listen to can be a little graphic.
, people need to interact with real people.
heart disease is the number one cause of death in the .
it could be happening with every letter you press.
espaecially if the movie is promoting sex, violence, and other things that young kids should not be doing.
dear local newspaper, i just read about your article regarding the computer usage.
brings up a good point computers serve the luxury of communication, which is vital to keep of healthy relationships, shows a study at .
computers can tell you pretty much anything you need to know, it's about same country, or how to solve a problem.
this is due to their intelligent reading levels.
the older generations lived a happy not violent life.
before people wern't able to do this.
they can lead to children seeing inapropriate sites, and maybe even a virus that crashes your computer!
i bet you use email as much as we do to get a of printers and.
also you could harass people or get harrassed yourself.
computers are every where in a schools, homes band business across a .
kids are not getting any fresh air or exercise and this can lead to serious health conditions.
please excuse the mess.
it eats small snakes, lizards, insects, and seeds.
when i was around grandparents used to come to soccer games, but now they dornot because mom just records it for them to watch.
as a result, these things the computer gives brings out discussion in the family and gives a good topic that everyone can relate to and talk about.
of all you'll miss out on the fun while you are to be to lazy to come.
these are some of the important arguments put forward by him.
computers are a valuable resorce for me when i need to get information.
therefore, computers are very important for communication in our society.
people in , think the same.
it's not good for you!
parents and caregivers are not always up to explaining or want to explain as soon as they have to about things sometimes.
that all changed when my mother discovered .
so yes you could find the gisers in yellow stone online but it's nothing like seeing in real life.
censorship in libraries.
instead of being on computers, i think it would be best to spend time with your family.
because they are all ways to express ourselves.
computers let you travel the world without taking a step.
so lets get the fi,ltering satrted and save the world and our kids future.
there are jobs that you can do from home on a computer.
dear , i think computers have a good effect on people and not a bad effect.
dear i am writing this letter to inform you that i think computers are a smart investment for a couple of reasons.
the purpose of getting on the computer is look for information or play games no that other stuff.
yes, i do think computers are awesome idea.
music is an expression of life and censoring that would be like censoring emotion.
all of these reason is why i think the has good effects on people.
the might not even go near you if you forget about them.
a library is a place for everyone to come and find what they are looking for without any disterbances.
when i get older and have children, i believe that the library should be a kid friendly place.
the computer can also help you talk to people from out of the state or country.
not only can you talk to grandma or grandpa but you can even see them smile what children can even such as .
i do, however, agree with some censorship.
our world as we know it will come to an abrubt end if we don't stop this nonsense.
that make them think it is ok to do or say these things.
another problem is what if you needed a computer, and you specially needed him/her?
we can only hope for the best
for example, when i was in the ninth grade i was assigned to do a research paper over 's.
has lots of fun games you can play.
you can also see majority of people like what they got.
my own sister spends so much time on her laptop that my parents had to take it away.
and these are the reasons why a child shouldn't be allowed to get access to this kind of stuff.
well i haven't had the misfortune of being in that situation, but i could only imagine the sheer distress of wanting but not finding that controversial book.
many of them like a different subject then the others, so its commen to find everybody reading about a different topic.
the compter can help the comuncation in so ways.
this can help you get a job and even help with a sport you like.
you could never lose touch!
it's also true that you can learn a quick history lesson on some webpages.
my second reason why computers passitively effect people is by being a social tool.
although many disagree with using computer technology, computers are often the way we communicate with foreign countries.
students now easily forget to do homework.
thinking people wont lisen about excersing and meeting new people or palces.
it is a right for the public to be able to access this material.
they let people learn about what is going on in the world, teach hand eye cordination, and let you meet people online.
magazines really dont have a point their just there to gossip
ending the usage such technology as computers would surely be the first step to sending us back to such a barbaric time!
you can use the computer to listen to music, and put music on to and ipod or player.
computers greatly help families of today.
as you can tell i'm a huge music fan and there has been lots of songs that were offensive but it did not bug me much.
her aunt conquered cancer with her neice and is living happily.
the top websites people use for resources are, .com .
dear of the newspaper, i understand you think computers dont have an effect on people.
it told us that the main keys were.
library's should make sure there isn't anything offinsive in their materials before they put them on the shelf.
the same with movies so movies are not ment for kids, but that doesn't mean that we have to take them off the shelf!
this is usefull because the people can learn about each other, their customs and religious and also their cultures and heritage.
this has made me believe that computors are not beneficial.
computers give kids so much knowledge about things they would not be able to do or go in real life.
some people find it hard to play a piano because they cannot look at the music and have their hands be doing something else.
you can chat with almost anyone on the internet.
all you can get from an hour on the computer is blurred vision.
dear local newspaper, a world filled with gargantuan people seated at a moniter, their eyes staring at it blankly.
i believe that all types of materials should be placed in libraries to satisfy the different styles of what people like.
you ever wanna travel to places but you knew nothing about the place?
they are having more of a negative effect because while on the computer, you are not getting excercise.
children who did not use the program were seen to develop motor skills at a much lower rate.
computers are entertaining, computers help us with education, and the heath/safty purposes are fantastic.
reason one you loose interaction with people.
if you need transportation just log onto google and type in what you're looking for.
you want to know more, so you pull out your ipod touch.
furge you to continue using computers, for without computers our modern civiliz would be lost!
i have a bath and dress up for school.
more and more people are being sucked into electronics and less people are caring about our planet.
look up the weather, the celebrity gossip, and where the plance crashed that you mom told you about.
new things can be learned from them.
bye for now.
computers are complicated if you don't grow up with them it's hard to learn.
if you can talk online then you can probably talk to people in real life?
also kids will learn how to interact with each other by playing outside together.
dear local newspaper, more and more people are using computers there days.
some people, their jobs are on computers.
first off all, there will be no war books, movies, or music on the self.
these are the people who progress to make the best medicine cars and computers.
they can use someone's name and be underover.
dear , a home on your town; all you hear is, mom, mom , mom drive me to the library to get books.
it could be typing up a final draft of a paper or taking notes on a historical figure, either way they both require a computer.
this is why a computer could be a way important part of a childs life if used properly.
i got most things done and in a matter of time.
that would be taking the rights for people away because a person finds it offensive.
most of all wont you miss your friends?
the answer to that would probably be sit down in front a computer all day.
people spend to much time on computer.
we use powerpoint and other microsoft documents whether it be typing an essay or creating a powerpoint slideshow.
there are somethings kids just should not see.
i think we should fight for what the libraries should have in the build for our children to read.
computers can help students do research from the comfort of their own home.
dear editor, computers are a waste of time.
today more than of our population spends expensive amounts of time each day on the computer.
also, computers let you learn a lot about history.
therefore the soldier is also an important person in society.
this helps many kids find a good education and adults find a comfortable and happy job.
you can also keep in touch with friends.
as long as the person using these forms of communication is sem-responsible nothing can go wrong.
lastly, who realize the importance of exercise tend to participate in sports, to stay active and have fun.
jump outside and in goal the outside weather with friends and family meabers.
yes, crime has gone up in the past years, but computers have helped us catch criminals.
they need tho learn about everything thats out there in this world.
its not fair to the author.
kids spend to much time on online games.
in addition, they lead to less interaction with real people.
to a doctor at .
firstly, the computer can teach us hand-eye cordination.
another positive effect computers have for you is that adults can pay bills and finances on the computer also.
so read on to hear more.
getting sick, loss of memory, and no good future are three reasons why people should stop using computers and start getting some exercise.
thirdly, people are using all there money on those computers!
i use such as , which is an online game website, or fantasy football teams i am involved in.
the other day though, i started thinking about it.
finally, computers possitively effect people by making research much easier.
we, as humans, enjoy the freedoms we are given and the choices we are allowed to make.
so please stop using the computer all the time.
well the children will learn from those video games and movies.
now what about the beautiful things in nature of us are missing?
therefore, computers and other things are nice and all, but are the worth getting fat or loosing touch with your loved ones.
this means that years from now the world addiction to computers could be at or greater.
they wait for this period impatiently.
people are able to comunicate through twitter, , and even youtube.
we have to step up as the life goes.
likewise, computers help us see places that are amazing.
an ideal teacher knows the art of teaching.
some of the material in the libraries are very graphic and sometimes quite a bit offensive.
are diabetic which means we are not at a safe health rate.
but my favorite author is sir arther conan doyle.
computers are, a great advancement in our technology.
the violates the separation of church and state.
said a person interviewed.
sometimes the internet could have more information than a certain book you would look into.
it puts a huge tall on you life.
if we take evey book off the self then we would not have any book to read.
dear local newspaper, i agree with the experts in people staying on the computer to much.
people can also learn new things.
spending time on the computer runs up the electric bill.
computers teach hand eye coordinator by training your hand to go where your brain tells it to and where your eyes show it.
the money they own to that bank or they might be doing some thing eles.
health in very important but sitting in front of a computer for hours makes matters worst.
you know that and the people who make computer sites know that.
another way that could be done is by one person from every street in the state go home-to-home to make sure the procedure is being done.
we see a rainbow only when there is sunlight and rain at the
the nation owns accounts on socializing websites, and the nation says their friend groups have expanded to the groups (according to a poll taken).
i say this beacause not all your friends go to the same school so you dont see them as much.
as it states in the writing prompt it teaches hand-eye coordination.
the name is self-explanitory.
a sport that requires a lot of this is .
parents should talk to their children and explain to them why they dont want them reading that specific book.
computers can do everything more than humans can, and we need to stop it.
i would love to see more censorship in libraries so that we can protect today's children until the parents choose to open their eyes to the world.
it's very hard to have family you can't see and keep in touch with!
the answer is of coarse it can, but because people will be people.
so in that matter you gota tell your children about this stuff in stop them from watching it at a younge age.
dear, newspaper i believe that the use of computer is so horrorable thing for the people of the world.
this is also a proble because this is how obeseity can occur from no exercies, and just sitting all day.
they have all types of game systems out there just for computers.
computers help when you need to know something about a certian person.
i was surprised to see the activities people throughout the day.
other people just don't care.
or you can pick up some good ol' or any other christian artists or gospel music.the music of this world is very diverse.
secondly, presented to kids to early can harm them physicaly.
dear newspaper, people should play with their family and friends instead of staying on the computer all the time.
this is one reason the computer is a good source.
well that all.
now there seemed a little chance for it’s a follower to catch up.
also i dont think a book will ever really hurt anyone.
he dosnt no something is bad about it or not.
computers also provide us with extreme saftey and security as well as breaking news.
one of the great featurs that computers give is email.
say your bestfriend moved to .
my first topic, why i think there are good effects on the computer is we can do work by ourselves with no ones help.
how can you stop your children or the younger generation from watching these things?
people under the age of are not permitted to be in this of the without a parent, or parent signature.
computers are like keys; they open doors to new places and ideas.
for example, a professional photographer may be busy even in his/her leisure time.
so furher more computers benifit us a lot.
lastly you are able to find lots of information quickly and easily.
that will save a lot of your day and it will save a lot of you money.
this is why computers are bad.
the point is that if their is cansorship we would be destroying other peoples beliefs.
also if you just that you have never heard of before you can go and find out about it.
many websites also are adept at donating money while playing a game.
they represent self-expression and freedom of speech, so people should let them be an entertainment and learning source.
it reunites lots of family & friends you might have been looking for.
most websites give the ability for anyone to do so.
less people get a chance to enjoy nature when they are on the computer all day.
next reason why computers are good to have is for jobs.
'', the woman shreaked as she had just received a fierce, sharp,and quick stab in the back by her abusive husband.
there is one thing about the computer that is amazing.
dear local , people have been using computers for years.
i am very fortunate for having a computer that can help with not only school work but my social life and how i make friends.
it could prevent you from spending time with family and friend and can even push them away.
why would anyone want to be indoors on a computer when you can go enjoy what nature posses.
you newer know what would happen.
in katherine paterson's writing she tells us that she does not want her child to pick up a book off the shelf that could be found offensive.
however, i did not have a computer at home, my studies would be near impossible.
this way, a doctor will be unemployed less and will be more secure, financially.
revolutionary video-conferencing programs like can even allow us to talk to people around the world, practically eye to eye.
not ever on know the cell phones or computers lets face it with out computers the world would be lost like the proffser from new york tech said.
if someone finds it offensive they don't have to look at it or check it out.
he will play on these websites for hours.
there is something about music that soothes the human body.
finaly, i support the computer you can talk to the world instantly.
one term of communication that came out recently is .
spending time on a computer is a great way to enhance your hand-eye coordination.
you know how you go down a aisl at the market and there are girls in thier bikini and half naked.
what is offensive to some isn't offensive to others.
no one person has the right to dictate what should and should not be in libraries.
also it's a great way to keep in touch with friends.
this is why i think computers have a positive affect on people.
in my opion kids and adults should use the computer.
my big sister is always on the computer using talking to her friends.
this could also help students in any grade learn more about the topic they are studing.
for example, toddlers and children can use programs such as ().
the internet is amazing, but i think everyone forgot the joy of going out with friends and family.
so, fellow citizens, leap off that desk chair, shut off your electronic devices, and jump back into the real world.
the people who didn't go and simply read information off their computer, could not write this much.
which of course never knew about all that.
schools are using computers more and more now.
this book or music be offensive but everyone is intitled to their own opinon.
but then, i got a and found her on there.
as though day by day, we are replacing the magestic words of authors for common words that anyone can use.
what someone might find offensive someone else might not.
finally interacting with family and friends is important when on the computer you don't do much of that.
computers definetly do not change the way we exercise, enjoy nature or interact with family and friends.
other people might enjoy that book.
computers can cause obesity, a lack of interactment, and they waste their time on these useless items.
in conclusion, people spend too much time on the computer.
mid way through i came to the understanding that the book was truly about a young girl my age being raped.
the computer would teach student about people in the past they didn't know or didn't got to meet.
told me, "", students are completely absorbed in computers and have no life, energy, or reativeness in them anymore!
if all these books were to be taken off the shelves then nobody would be learning about any of this.
they would have to shuffle through piles of pages and articles in newspapers.
it's not right to take away from others something becuase a select group of people take offense at it.
everything that happened in that book was real, and people need to know what happened and why were the people in that story doing those things.
it is just like text messaging, only through computers.
if our modern society didn't have so many distractions like computers than maybe people would be bore & maybe fo outside.
i absolutely do not think that any book, movie, magazine, music, etc., should be removed from the shelf because they find it offensive.
i know you can video chat and instent message them, but 't you rather spend time with them in person?
if any material offends you, you dont have to acknowledge it, you can always check out different material.
dear newspaper, i heard you were discussing if more and more people using computers was a benefit to society.
it is that easy.
also they get so lazy they don't want to get up so they will just order food and have it delivered right to their hause.
men, women and children crowded near the conductor for tickets.
first off, there are many skills you can develop on the computer.
if citizens keep sitting there then we will became unhealthy.
i remember in grade when i had a math midterm.
flood are a natural phenomenon which has resulted in various geographical features.
computers can also entertain you.
i recall a time when my dad and i was going to see or movie but we weren' sure wat was playing or what times they started at.
also you can videochat with all yor friends to.
you grow older it becomes more work and with a computer, you will have less weight on your shoulders.
then we can write a novel, newspaper article, or even make a website about your topic.
we logged on to google on found our direction .
computers are also very helpful with and crofing pictures, and they make it to find information.
this makes the teachers job much easier because it averages all of the grades.
a computer many family thing.
everyday millions of people are on the computer for hours straight.
you just can't do this because what if another persons wants that book and they can not have it.
when major things happen, such as the earthquake in it was all over the internet before the news.
do i think materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the book shelve if they found offensive?
simply follow the rating rules.
now that i have explaines my part of computers people will think different.
finding out important news is very helpful, and conveniant.
i walked outside to get the mail and newspaper.
many people now days relie on the useage of the magazines, books,and music to get information from.
say another person walks in the ame store and takes something off the shelve that they thought was offensive.
they help people in any number of ways.
the third reason is, people just sit in the house, and an't enjoy fresh air with their loved ones.
and people say it's one of the fastest pieces of technology known to mankind to people who need it.
but you can take some of the stuff that has alot of that kind of stuff in it off the shelf.
here are some situations many people run into: if one person finds a offensive but no one else does, should be removed?
computers teach hand-eye coordination and create the ability to learn and research quickly and efficiently.
but, if that doesn't work out for you then hangout with your family.
a lot of our population of the are obese, including kids.
if you take out things like that in the books they read, then how will they learn?
while you are on the computer you can interact with friends, find out about the weather, and find out if you have any homework.
sure we all need to get exercise outside, but the computer can be helpful as long as we don't let it overwelm us.
to me, reading a book on the computer is one of two things, unhealthy and unethnical!
do you wish to be that one standing on the side lines, stuck in the past, not advancing with technology?
this is because computers can affect their education.
"too many are finding out about these sites and getting hooked.
what are you waiting for?
do not get to close to the screen because can hurt your eyes.
i love to play hockey.
seen almost in every part of this country.
that one girl doing her homeowrk get an a and the girl talking on her signs off to be with her family.
all that is a computer.
its amazing what technology does.
harmful things are not good in this world and shouldn't have an impact on others.
obiseity in the has gone up at least because people arent geting thir exercise and are spending to much time on the computer .
almost every family has access to a computer.
when i was in seventh grade we took a field trip to the city library.
do you really want to be the reason why someone is over weight?
in my opinion, no computers definitely don't make people lazy and less interactive with others aroud them.
in my opinion i am really thankful that we have computers.
finally, computers help us get work done easier.
in this essay i would like to discuss both views on these censored books, and why i believe they should be censored.
wouldn't you agree?
you can say computers have a very positive effect on people or say computers have a very negative effect on people.
literature and history gives us many bad examples of war and its hardening effect on human mind.
computers are a great source of entertainment.
teen pregnacies have jumped threw the roof.
it can help you connect within your own family more.
(this can also help improve your hand-eye coordination).
i feel way if your always on the computers, and your never outside, then your friends will like you want to be bothered.
i wanted to sit in one of those big planes.
later, on when i grew, i was turned out i became a street dog.
on the computer there is a lot of information about people, places, thing, and anything you want to know.
i feel the exact same way and someone should put a stop to this!
interacting is a nice enjoy nature and have fun.
overall, computers are great, but you have to know when, and how long to use it.
yes computers are fun, giving, but is bad.
these are the reason why i think our local library should get rid of rated movies and/or magazines like and .
and even some games exercise your mind like solitare its fun but hard.
now think about it you jest going to fly there and come back the same day.
one of these scientist, , reported, " more people begin to use the computer, more people seriously hurt their eyes or even lose their vision.
closer families also help children in school get better grades.
personally i don't think libraries, movie stores, etc., should be selling any of the items just mentioned.
that's not all we can do.
i think they should make a floor people can go to, to hangout and talk.
when we use computers we chat with friends online and don't really interact with others.
without the computer, many people would not be able to explore these places and learn about them.
despite what people believe though computers are very good for our daily lives.
we see street hawkers every day.
they also allow us to communicate with people who we are not able to see very often.
the bactrian camels have two humps.
first of all, computers allow you to talk to others online.
you can learn about interesting people in history.
but there is a main reason.
the only other access to typing is a type writer.
there are also things that don't say sex directly, but imply it.
i also think its good to because if there's any problem with one to get to the library you can scan it up online.
this maker you dodge bricks and can greatly improves reaction time as well.
i decided to call my friends cell phone, but instead i got her voicemail.
they are teaching our family apart.""
this way adults can catch up on work and children can kee in touch with friends or/and family.
and computers are a great way for you to catch up with friends and family.
during this decade many sports games have come out for the computer.
i want my library to be what was made to be, a mixture of cultures and backgrounds.
using computers kills time that could be spent with your loved ones, even if you are communicating with them on the computer.
on these chating websites you can make arangments to go some where with someone you don't even know.
now that you know my personal views about the censorship in libraries understand that not everyone is the same.
they could be enjoying life outdoors and staying active, but they choose to sit infront of a screen all day, everyday.
this is espicially interesting because you can learn about a countries culture without actually going there.
i mean if your a biusness guy you'll need one.
ahve you ever gone gone home and just retreat to your room for some quite?
people are very easily distracted on computers, it wastes time, and it causes stress.
it has seat and a handle.
using the internet, world changing news can spread like wildfire and inform everyone in seconds.
i say "its computers!"
if i had kids i wouldnt want my kids to be around any of these bad things.
mother is important member of the house.
being able to talk online to people like faimly and your friends.
many times researching an animal will take you online because more modern books note good website to travel to for more information.
with internet in many libraries kids can plug in their device and buy songs with offensive lanuage or graphic material without anyone knowing.
you can check information about something you ever forget.
dear local newspaper, computers are effecting more and more people in the society instead of helping.
when in reality, members of the world are not happy and are consistently showing the reader that they do not know how to be happy.
computers are a relatively new invention, they have become very popular.
for example your family would want to go out but you say no because of that computer parents would they would because your lack of communication with the family.
my mother brought milk and biscuits for me.
i think it would be better if they had a section for the books other than just taking them off the shelves permenantly.
well, on the computer you can talk online to your friends.
people watch inappropriate videos.
for it would not be something that went well in our history.
now their kid has to go to a cheap school their family won't go.
you haven't logged into facebook yet, you deffinetly will now!
you can change anything you want with just a click on your mouse.
but as far as people i don't know, i could care less what their beliefs, opinions, and outlooks on life are.
yes it cause time away from family, but you can easily say goodbye to the friend and talk to them later.
they get sucked in stressed out and stalked.
if you needed to know some thing for a big report and none of your friends are up you can look up your computer.
the school was full of boys and girls.
alright no body is home or online i think going to kick back turn some music to kick back turn some music on and maybe take a nap.
he is in school from to :pm and as he gets home he heads straight for his computer.
especially being that, children are steadily becoming obese, and developing a weak immune system can affect your life in ways that are totally controllable?
heres what i say to it, get over it .
no one deserves to be offered the damaging violence of uncensored books, and music
you can click on a link and give you an amazing oppertunity or click on the wrong one and give you d virus.
computers are not assets to society but issues.
king suddhodana ruled at kapila wasthupura.
so that why computers help out so much in this lifetime.
another reason is that if they took everything that was offecsive or unliked then there would be a lot less information for people to learn about in libraries.
in conclusion, i believe that materials should not be removed from libraries for being to offensive
police officers use compters to find want criminals and put criminals into the computer to keep them on files.
strive to help them.
censorship is not needed in today's society because each specific individual is capable of making their own decision in what's best for themselves.
you don't have to pay anything to email somebody.
everyone thinks that it is beging caused by bad eating habbits, thats only half of it.
ccomputers benifit our lives in so many ways.
but when you are distracted on your computer aming or facebooking you forget to excrise or just go it for min.
looking at the computer screen all day can cause masive hand people are also not spending time with family.
even if bad books or magazines are on the shelve, children have the choice to pick them up.
at least when you research using a book or encyclopedia, you can trust those sources.
she researched it and got how to the mark go away.
but if you are hooked on the computer, as so many of us are, you just not spend enough time with family and friends.
the parrot is quick in coping with what others say.
i strongly beleive that they do benefit society, heres why you can get in touch with people, you can research, and play fun games!
instead of recieving six hours of exercise a week.
that is whta everybody would like!
i was little i rarely ever went on the computer.
have you seen a magazine, book, movies, etc., that are found affensive?
the games are also fun and non violent.
consequently, kids end up in inappropriate websites that they are not meant to be on.
these are the reasons i think computers can be bad.
in fact, since that the computers came out this year, lots of people has been spending web to much time of them.
i say this because most of the time couples get into arguments because the person thats addicted to the internet isn't doing want he/her is suppose to do.
for example if a company wanted to make a trading agreement with another company in they could do so with a click of a mouse.
but, people blow it off because it is a movie so it isn't real.
students have as many rights as people who don't go to school.
recently my cousin passed away from canser caused by her fat or obeseity.
computers don't control wether you family or not.
one reason is that we have a lot more information on the internet.
my garndfather always tells me how easy i have it.
now that you have finished reading.
my opion on this topic is that computers do have an effect on people.
many kids would rather chat on facebook with a friend than homework using an online book... including me.
although some materials be offensive, they should not be removed from the libraries.
people have always said that books can take you anywhere you want.
i hope one day we can all turn off out computers for good.
censorship is not necessary because individuals are aware of what they are interested without anything telling them what to look for.
so no, there should absolutely not be any censorship in a library.
everyone can use the computer for communication with friends or family.
the fantastic thing about computers are that we can learn about far away places without having to leave the comfort of our home.
when i went to for a vacation, i learned about the differences in traditions and culture.
computers can be put to good use for many different things.
in fact have says that of families with copmuters have no communication and end up splitting up.
lastly, computers aren't needed when we have the availability of cell phones that keep everyone in contact without computer games, chats or profiles.
for me i like to learn a bout crocodiles in .
on the internet you can even ask questions, and they will probably be answered.
kids could get help with homework online if they are too shy to ask another person.
she is very popular among the other members of the staff.
others with computers, just have to type in their topic and all the information they need is right infront of them.
is it not surprising?
you can also go to school online.
some content could be offensive to not just children but also to teenagers and adults.
but most importantly, it can get you into trouble you don't want to be in.
you can either use your screen-name to text someone or just go on verizon, at&t, sprine... etc.com and text people from there.
that is one thing i do not like about computers.
many students could be seen browsing through the papers and magazines.
they also help us connect with no another, and help us excel in school.
year olds are making facebooks!
i bet there are many people that have that same issue.
now that i have told you all of the benefits of computers you !
but, there begs the question if certain materials should be excluded if they deemed to be offensive.
people should be able to choose what they and if it offends them they can choose by theirselves to stop reading that book.
it makes things that would other wise take lots of time very quick, giving people the chance to do other things such as playing outside.
last a good way to protect this country.
dear local news paper, in oppinion i think that those who makes compiuters should make up an times added to the compiuters.
she turned out to be one of the nicestly funniest person i ahve hung out with in a while.
computers have made a positive impact on community by havinf simple ways to talk to your loved ones.
dear our local newspaper, computers have a huge effect on people in a negative way.
nature is beautiful, it has , green grass, rainbows (sometimes).
computers also let you do things that you couldn't do without.
can one imagine what it would be like if everyone was a loyal computer user?
there are many benefits to having a computer.
i feel there should be sections for different sections for different age groups, but to censor literature is just un-@caps5.
the reason people would probobility want to visit one of these places on a website would probobility be for vacational purposes.
my second reason u should not stay on the computer for a long time is because when u are secting there.
our beds, houses, televisions and even chairs are all forms of technology.
some people do not have a computer home.
if say, you are a budding guitarist and are looking around for a new gibson, you'll start getting all these ads for online stores, ?
this a national problem about the contents of books.
however, although computer can be such a good thing, it can be bad as well.
you are talking your friends, but its not the same as being with them.
computer addiction can lead to health problems (as talled about before) and withdrawal symptons when you try to stop.
so having a computer is defanitly a benifit to communiting.
if you get out with your family and friends maybe more teens and adults would be in better shape and more healthly.
censorship causes people to become uneducated which on the other hand makes it illegal for a person to speak out against something even if it wrong.
my last reason why i say that more people should spend time doing more outdoor activitys is because of nature.
movie is hilarious but extremely suggestive.
also some people don't get sleep becuse they are ""doing something important"" and miss a family trip or even school.
no, and they should just leave it whoever doesn't read it doesnt have to or they can talk with their teacher.
i know i wouldn't want to lose a friend to the internet ever again and i don't think anyone else would want to either.
when you can talk to people from around the world.
this happens because they are more comfortable interacting through the computer.
should we allow the media to sprinkle words like this on to magizine's and books?
in had a front page spread to promote the use of computers instead of books.
therefore, people can talk to their distant relatives from all over when you don't even have to go visit them.
there were long queues.
online people usually go for a jog around the neighborhood.
when you are on the computer you are sitting down rather than moving around.
it's all based on how you take what they said into thought.
lastly, computers can be dangerouis to many kids and could even end up in death.
isn't it difficult to know that people pay too much attention to the computer when there are endangered species in nature?
environmentalist, says: "" more schools switched to online textbooks they would end up saving thousands of dollars that can be put elsewhere.""
i believe the current system in place to censor or remove books does its job, and that it should continue.
we need to all come together as one to keep certain books out of young peoples' reach, so that the books and movies aren't abused.
you haven't learned, the computer is an unhealthy thing for humans to use.
could you imagine the amount of people that would be sick if everyone used the computer for the majority at their day?
dear newspaper , has come to my attention that the aspect of computers and their influence on people has been brought up.
and if they do go they are almost garenteed a survival.
these are reason why the society should take back the computer.
we saw the industrial progress of these countries.
that doesn't mean i should have to stay silent about my beliefs, does it?
and, you can go online dating!
a very wise man in life once said, 'the only way to escape temptation, is to remove the temptation all together.'
i think that these website are dangers because somebody can hack in to your file and they can try to talk to you like their your friend.
plus when on a computer there are some really wierd people.
health is a gift given to us by nature.
they find it easier to disobey rules their parents set for them.
these issues would deffinately be offensive to some readers, but this book is an award winner and uses history as a guide.
sometimes loved ones go away to some where far away and you can't talk or see them.
the reason for this is that they are spending too much time online and not outdoors and exercising.
to many people other than myself, would agree with that.
what ever you do on the computer will stay their and be saved no matter how you try to delete .
no matter what, someone wouldn't be very happy about the decision.
he grows different types of crops for us.
he should talk less and work more.
technology is continuing to grow, and it is becoming to impact our lives more and more each day.
there are certain sections in the library.
since then he was adopted by his foster – mother mahaprajapathi gothami.
sometime the teen is persuade to leave their home and neighbor hood to meet the other user.
becuase there are many things that people take offensive, everyone is diffrent.
one time i was wondering what people from did to live and survive.
removing the books from libraries entirely could also interfere with research or school projects children have to work on for class.
so you won't get sleep and if you have school you won't be able to concentrate you will to busy worried about the game.
there are thing people like but i dont like them.
furthermore, computers can be very distracting to many people.
many people love different types of books, no matter if they are offensive or not others like them.
it is bad to do drugs because it can ruin you whole career in high school and maybe in college.
let me explain my reasoning in the next few paragraphs.
that can cause failure in school or getting fired at work.
they can keep in touch by using webcam and etc.
with a computer you can just go into your office and do re search, that saves money or gas.
you still have commercials, billboards, etc.
what so you think about this?
we should always respect them.
all books and media have value, whether they express just one person's ideas or the thoughts of thousands.
we need more good things to influence our children.
they could become obese and possibly get diabetes.
thank you for your time !
oviously, computers are a useful aid in todays era.
the culprits had taken to their heels, when the lady raised the alarm.
these things are a great solution to the rising lost of entertainment.
firstly, many people can talk long distance with family of friends.
so why travel when you can see all of it on your computer.
hello, my name is , i feel that there should be any genre of media in libraries.
india got freedom under his leadership.
you should always keep in touch with friends.
libraries are the place that people get introduced to these things and if these things are removed then where will people go to be informed about this information.
instead of listening to a cd player you can download listen to while chatting online with friends.
cobras, wipers and krait are some of them.
they aren’t getting proper exercise.
i think it does and hope that you agree with me.
as the showers fade away, once again winter sets in.
computers can help you learn so much about the world without having to leave your house.
whether teens, kids, or adults are gaming, on websites or typing essays people around the world spend way too much time on their computers.
i think now it's very clear how important computers are in our society.
they also have the right to not read the book at all.
censorship tends to ruin the movies that most people love.
it is a pointless task to do.
if you are in the winter enjoy the snow instedid of being inside playing computer games.
however, i support these advances in technology and i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
“an eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind.
computers are an excellent way of teaching hand-eye coordination.
so yes, the parents that are concerned about their children's viewing of certain books should be able to say something about it.
the mosuelous waterfall that shines it off into a creek.the full dark scenary majestic.
people need to stop being and open their eyes to see the effect computers have on people.
using computers could possibly save your life one day.
the computer is basically a big encyclopedia that supplys important information to those who are unable to travel across the world and visit these places.
a second reason worry shout over- usage of computers relates to the first reason.
the same has to do with music, movies, magazines, ect, they all are made for a reason and should be checked out.
they go to school for hours, then go to basketball or football practice, sometimes we just need a break.
dear , "" computers are great!
this shuold'nt make a book worth critisizing because that was the way things were said in that time.
our school peon’s name is jack.
these technological advances have given many people the general knowledge that they very well need in any given situation.
it was computers against books i definetly would conqure with whomever roots for books.
dear newspaper, i have been reading about the debate about computers.
teacher have troble reading other hand writing so it would be helpful for the students to use the computer to print out a very neat paper.
when it’s time to get a job, having done sports could be an added qualification.
the playground gets crowded and there is hardly any game possible.
it is fun because you are not bored.
so should books in a library be censored?
while searching the library, i came across a book that my mother and i felt should not of been where younger people could see.
each materials brings enjoyment to different people.
there are so many things in this world that contain bad things, which all have something to do with sex.
he once took me to a dog-show, where i got the second prize.
as this rather large man walks around the counter towards father steps in the picture.
i mean they talk about how to give pleasureable sex.
magazines just are a new thing that people are trying out.
wanting to get it over with would only cause me to rush, resulting in a bad grade.
the obesity rate has increased between then too.
i remember when i was working on a project about .
also that they are taking over our lives, are dargerous, and you don't even have to leave your house to make a living.
it let's you work, learn new things, and it's fast and easy to .
but, you find that you are starting to click when you meet this person they be of a different rare.
mrs , an grade teacher in , noticed that her family spent less time together than ever before when each family member got a laptop.
one person with a mouse, a keyboard, and a monitor.
i have never had the interest of hearing it again, as i felt that the story is not politically correct.
nature has assigned different tasks to different body parts.
do you want that?
it gives people the ability to learn about people and places, and you can talk online first reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination.
first, they can help you learn about new subjects.
people will find something wrong with everything a person can put out thats just human nature.
i hope you agree with me on this.
its easy, type in what city you want to work in, and there you go.
thats more than half it!
people would be well aware of the facts by reading an article online.
there are many types of reading materials for people to read in a library.
this goes against all our morals.
instead, they stay inside the house all cooped up and don't get enough fresh air.
we should be able to have higher knowledge on a topic we feel the need to learn about.
thirdly, if you count he amount of time you use on he computer of other technology devices then you will be fine.
and your paper that more and more people are turned in to nothing but their computers.
polar bears, whales of different types, and other creatures all need our help to fight this extinction problem.
if there was a seperate room, we can keep these materials away from young kids.
it is a bright object in the sky.
my first point is that you can get a better education using them.
i don't think that anything that gets checked out from the library should be censored.
you can communicate with relatives, stay fit/healthy while on the computer and getting maps.
as you read your brain to inner works, you or your so you can show off to you friends out family on words that you .
suddenly, the bus stopped.
computers are also very good for learning about other cultures and traditions.
's been said by officials that most hand-writen lovers are converting to for better hand-eye cordination.
if kids want to work with computers when there older they can learn new to work with it.
well having a computer allows this to happen.
excersising is not the only thing you can do.
also you can shop its a birth day of you can get gifts for a very low price ever !!!
get with the program computers are in.
even if you have a webpage and you put it on private is always a way to get in.
a book a child likes not be that a nother child likes or even an adult likes but that is normal, people are not the same.
the first reason is computers teach hand eye coordination.
i can do this because at night when one one can go outside i go on the computer for school or for fun.
people aren't exersising.
with other people.
they cause addiction, which end up taking over peoples lives.
some reasons include: the put down on races, comments in the book, how the author wrote it and who it was written towards.
some were discussing politics.
it would allow people to learn about places all over the world.
i have a brothter that lives in florida, but i can talk to him every day on the computer.
of people's relatives live out of their state.
computers are growing daily.
people shouldn't spend so much time.
he runs a small shop.
websites that were created for this include: facebook, myspace, and twitter.
some play until their entire lives are devoted to playing.
computer are good and bad because computers are good because that is a way we can comunicate with other people in different states.
go call up a friend and do something fun, i hope by now you understand that being on the computer or having one is not the best idea.
to take away the computer would take away many peoples social lives.
i am writing to persuade you that computers have a positive effect on people.
but when they got to go home they could be comforted by their family and friends.
it is not a place for violence, so quit with it, go for a safer environment.
you can keep touch with them through or e-mail.
next, although the computer a convient device.
should not be removed from the shelves just because certain people find them offensive.
at home i prayed for his quick recovery and return from the clutches of such non-cooperative hospital staff.
as you can see i believe computers help people and society greatly.
look at the singer/songwriter .
their are search engines that you can find your topics on.
needs to be in a certain section of the library to where the little kids can not go or reach.
as you read my letter i hope you fell the same way.
and i believe other students would agree with me, better to type the essay than to write it!
dear local newspaper, i'm sure you love kicking back and surfing the web.
also you can see what people your age do for a living.
a very popular game is the .
computers are also a huge help on a project school or work some peoples jobs, they are required to use computers.
if it weren't for my computer i would have never met him.
i hope it is not just me that sees the good that a computers brings, but anyone else that have taken a glare at this letter.
the time to start limiting computer usage is now, or we will have many great problems.
not everyone has the same opinion on things.
computers can also help us in school.
dear editor of local newspaper, you know that the average person spends three or more hours each day on the computer?
you never have to worry about not knowing whats going on.
i think computers are very unique and important.
if a doesn't have texting they can go on facebook or something to make make plans to do something with a friend.
technology is getting up to the roof and it makes our life more easier, but have you ever thought that maybe technology might take people's work?
these arent ways to judge a book.
computure or a prime source of the data base, of , criminal records and so much more.
i feel everyone should know the history of the world, whch means rascitism or being offended.
as you can see commputer's and labtop's are realy good to own.
well i do believe that they should be removed so they wpuld not be offending anyone that walked into that library.
some people have moved away and i haven't been able to talk to then.
there are so many different fights and different teens that get other kids into peer prushior.
some people almost spend their whole day or even life on their computer that they don't know what else to do, but surf the web.
this computer is splittling families apart.
it does not just have to be a book with bad things in it, but it could also be something to do with religions.
do you ever miss your family that lives in other states?
the government of the needs to crack down on school censorship because it is unconstitutional.
then there are books that have a childs story in them.
censorship is a diffitcult topic to agured on
but then again, i see where people are coming from to take certain materials off the shelfs.
points are scored by throwing the ball into the basket fixed at each end of the court.
he knows how to act in an emergency.
the computer is something fabolous and super genius.
its always good for a movie and the libary.magazines and a libary is very helpful.
they had such fine dishes while i was forced to take bitter pills, milk and a little porridge.
there should also be an extra bonus at the festival time duty.
there are even games for educational fun that many kids love.
the computer is a very reliable source for me and you have lost a lot if you do not agree with me on this.
for example: computers help us learn about almost anything quickly and easily.
this could lead to things such as kidnaping & even rape.
the show many dieting plans such as or .
ramzan is a big religious festival.
computers should be known as our friends.
they should have a complete knowledge of democratic living and democratic from of government.
dr. a local doctor, has seen more people become over weight and not exercise as much as they used to.
you need to remove all the tiles before the time runs out!
one is because what might be offensive to a ivdivual might be different to someone else.
have you ever needed to cancel a meeting?
they eagerly wait for the bell.
with a simple click of a button you have thousands of websites dedicated to answering your question.
our history books tell us stories of slavery and descrimination.
some people might think that it is a good idea to censor things on library.
now you know what computers are doing to the people of the ?
go out their enjoy nature, spend time with you family, and get healthy.
if you take a picture right after you won the championship soccer game, in your jersey.
open your laptop for easy translation.
after reading all the facts, i'm sure you will agree that computers can benefit society.
however, she lost interest over time.
going to the library you would think of it as an family environment, wouldn't you?
in addition, when people become addicted to computers, they become less social with friends and other people like parents, teachers, and more.
she is very scholary and comprehinds things quickly.
computers are driving the next generation to a dangerous life of staring at an assortment of pixers all day longels well as ruining any civilized relationships you had.
i was recently assigned a project by my social studies teacher, where we got to choose my topic of community service and research it.
others think it is creative and beautiful how the women look in the magizines, and it isn't jus magizines it's movies also.
popular websites like make this extremely easy.
't ever tell someone how to think, act, or feel.
being exposed to this could lead to brain damage or possible death.
truely the computers are realty good every thing they help you do so and it is really amazing how technologie changes.
fresh air is very important for us.
it's only a click of a button.
if someone is they should be proud of it and shouldn't be afraid of negative things that would hurt their feelings.
when the tryed out for his school didn't make it because forgot how to play.
know your probably saying in your heads why don't you text/call / if you think about it what if your friend does not talk clearly.
just because one person has different beliefs or what their standard is for offensive would not change my stand point on the censorship of certain articles.
i mean come on; that's pathetic.
internet is a very succesful product.
however, it comes to literature and and art, i think that a variety makes us unique.
staying communicated with our family and friends keeps our boats strong.
computers nowadays offer wonderful software from that can make making slideshows, projects, and reports far easier.
computer games and help take the edge off after a hard day.
they have practicly anything you want to play.
there wouldn't be an efficient way to stay in touch with them.
even sudlts have this problem.
between checking email accounts and updating the average person spends of their day on the computer.
it's a , and your bored, what do you do?
for example, computers would really help someone if they are looking for a job because their are many stores you get to choose from.
however people not agree with me, but what if your child was in dangerous.
look at what our world has become.
exposing that to young children wouldn't be the best, but for teenagers they understand.
if you buy computer games like a cooking game you can learn how to cook.
libraries are sometimes connotated as very boring.
it is because is selling world wide; for buisnesses, small companies, schools, even in entertainment.
being able to play games, store thing, and chat with other people is pretty amazing.
lawyers have to be paid or else they will not work for you.
teachers might post helpfel hints on homework and a detailed explanation of the assignment.
libraries can not censor their materials!
have you gain weight just from staying on the computer for too long.
he crashed into an electric pole.
that would take forever and there wouldn't be enough room, so a lot of files would be laying around every where think about it.
cyber bullying is also a problem.
libraries need to censor books to protect the iniscent minds of young childern
when you are writing a paper for an class.
no body ever said that they had to buy what the person in front of you is buying.
of my family also live far away.
the internet can connect all over the world, and you can learn about other cultures.
frist of all, i think we should use computers because we need help on something we can find it on the computer.
also, they are very addictive.
if that was how things worked there would be nothing in the library for people to enjoy.
well that is true however, it can teach you hand-eye coordination.
i do not think that certain materials should be removed from the shelves.
but instead, they get too addicted to , and that they forget about their school work and their priorities, and their grades start to slip.
lastly all the people who their imagination off computers, all those people who put that thoughts and feelings into the computer.
if a student has a project but doesn't know how to start it then he or she can google there project and ways to start it.
the book i read didnt have any negative satments about the weed.
the amazing things a computer could do!
without a computer we would have been able to find the house easily.
people are affected by this.
there is , , , and more sites were you can chat with freinds.
essays are now typed and not handwritten and projects are displayed on flash drives, not posterboard.
people are not always as they say they are.
at this point i ask you, the computer worth everything we think it ?
the reasone why i state this because those are the books that help you through out your life.
you should only go on the computer if you really have too.
if i can do it you can tool my name is and im a computer addiction survivor.
that is why i think computers are necessary.
"", is he getting fat"".
quickly turning your eyes from the unfortunate meeting of offensive pictures, you race down the hallway to a different section.
plus computers help people make money.
why would you wait letter from your cousin .
some people and mostly teens, and that can be caused it will always be a he say she say, this is why people should log off immediantly.
and it is more and quicker.
little childern can be listenig to vulgar lyrics that are in the songs and they could be repeating it to other people.
i think that the book, magazine, or movie should stay on the shelf even if it is found offensive.
then what can you do?
if kids are more careful online, and spend more time outside than on the computer, there would be less controversy.
dear local newspaper, in town use the computer for at least five hours each day.
people hack bank acounts through the computer.
they help with writing, communication, and everyone could benifit form computers.
i went on youtube and type in""nike sb skate lair demo"" and clicked on it.
if the parents are afraid of what their kids will find, then keep them home and don't let them go to the library.
when you excerise you look healthy and people will notive.
computers have not helped society for all of these reasons and more.
the music nowadays are very explicit and do not need to be in hands of kids.
and movies right from your computer.
in that time, some one could have died, been robbed and that same criminal gone.
without a doubt, kids bring home projects and homework everyday right?
i love them all very much.
the routine of the farmer is never disturbed by the sun or rain, cold or heat.
so on the computer you can talk to someone in , and evrywhere else.
third of can't afford one.
there will be plety of websites about that person.
if they are found offensive to the public.
if you use the computer to get updated on important issues you will be able to acess the information right away.
they aren't enjoying nature.
people should be able to read what they enjoy and not be ridiculed for it.
if your home at the computer you can't do fun activities outside and exercis while doing it.
in fact, out of jobs require a computer.
do you want your child to be the outsider?
you can research places for vaction.
to acquire these books you must have a parents permission or be years of age.
so there needs to be a law that says that you can check out a sarthen numbers of books at a time.
some content in history is very mature and should only be viewed by mature audiences.
that would take a long time to even get the book let alone read it.
computers help people reaserch subjects for school reports, and they make the current economy get better everyday.
computers are a great way to communicate.
the movie could be rated but the parents still check it out for them.
even though everyone says they are safe on the computer, they are not.
what if your isn't telling you what yo need to know?
what if your child is cheating?
you can get pictures and information of the thing you are looking up.
that just goes to show that one does not keep such skill in check, they could in fact cause a serious malfunction on a construction site.
one nurse was so rude that she never attended to any case unless called upon by the doctor himself.
another great thing about talking online is that i can talk to all my friends, not just the one i am playing with.
if the libraries do have books that are offensive, they do a good job hiding them from me and other kids.
for talking on an online chat sight is easier and more convient for people.
i have had an experience when a scoial networking site has reconnected me with a .
imagine that you have a relative who lives a great deal of miles away from you and its too expensive to call or fly over there.
first of all, people are not getting enough exersize.
people can find out important news online, and you can connect with people you don't see often.
looking outside the window, i saw snowflakes falling on everything.
post offices are located in every town, village, and city.
maybe you didn't write down the correct directions, or couldn't remember.
for example fast is like texting.
some parents think that kids arent getting enough exencise but never the less they are also skiping out on a lot of knowlege and important facts also.
nature is a gift that should be given to everybody.
they say this because a computer screen catches peoples attention.
a recent study by and the studies found that an average person spent five hours per day on the computer.
since your body has no exercise the weight & fat just stays.
instant , would all have drifted apart and never talked again.
theres always something you can do when you go on a computer.
most people actually get addicted to the game, they would play it all day if they could and if they arent playing they are wishing they could.
no matter how far away they go.
the computer allows you to keep in touch with friends and family that you do not see on a regular bases.
i'd rather read a book that interests me than a book that i dislike.
the used censorship not just during the as a brand of propaganda, but also during under guidance.
about of teens who are on the computer alot tend to get into lower colleges later in life.
however, these are three things the computer does very well.
these are all the reasons why computers arn't important to human socioty.
the government has tried to rule out all causes of controversial opinions in hope that it would make for a happier society.
many people become obese because they were born with this technology and after years, or even days of sitting in front of their computer, they become lazy.
i was very happy.
to: the can be a big part mof people's lives, however, some don't realize the negative effect these pieces of technology have.
""i was so releived to log on to the internet"", reported to me.
for example, they can post the ad up on myspace and have thousands of people looking at it in minutes.
this includes children and families.
parents like to protect their children from harms way and bring them up as fine citizens of .
my bro, , had on assignment to do .
please agree with me.
theres information quicker, communication better, and entertainment better.
finally, stated that overuse of computers have led to a very negative affect on the eyesight of their workers.
if your writing a paper and need an answer its all on the internet.
what does all of this go to show?
people need to within families because it decrease interaction with.
the censorship of libraries is an absurd idea, because a few people shouldn't make the choice for everyone.
this is a horrible habbit and a bad effect on students every where.
it is also an easy way to purchase items.
if you arn't up to going to school/collage because your sick.
also computer should mostly be used for talking with family and friends, homework,research, games bored, and work.
they are time consuming, but they count for a huge chunk of our grade.
the computer can really help you.
handeye coordinatin is taught to us through games and such that we play without us even knowing it.
most adults don't play games on the computer, they do work or reasearch an artical.
the second reason is the computer help you in your house for example: you have the big problem with your car or something like that.
when you can type fast and accuratly you know your hand eye coordination is doing well.
that is why bullying is an important issue and computers have bad effects on people.
in addition, parents have the responsibility to watch over their children.
months went by before i realized and i were great friends.
along with this is video chatting, where you can have face to face conversation with somebody even on the other side of the world.
kids need to acess the information that is neccisary for school on the internet.
its a fast way to learn about that person and maybe about them if they one from a different country.
childhood is very impressionable age.
how would you feel if you went another country and knew nothing about it?
censorship in libraries can steer kids in the right direction.
should books, magazines, or movies that are found offensive be removed from the shelves?
even playing a game on the computer could ne relaxing to almost anyone.
but when things are being removed because certain peolpe don't agree with them or find them offensive, that is when things are going too far.
well, it does in fact when you type.
that their child watches, change it!
as you can see computers are only going to get better.
one example i say this is because, some people are offensive bout movies that have violent scense in them.
writing is a gift few have naturally and to be able to show off ones talent is a privlage.
so this is why i think computers are a good thing.
the computer is an important part in the invancement of the people's education.
individuals can talk with friends who live in different countries as if they were in the same room.
most music and movies these days use bad language or show people having sex or without proper clothing.
't our community have the opportunity to excel as well?
she had filled with pappers.
we went home with an auto-rickshaw.
just pick a book that has a theme you like.
by doing this you become closer as a family, and it could help you make healthier choices keep exercise.
computer games online can be fun, but are a complete waste of time for you electrical bill, and purposed of you child.
kids are loosing exersise an are getting hevier.
"", get off the computer and come play '' with us!""
is censorship an answer to offensive materials or an answer to what is not 'politically correct'?
children learn new words all their life and are bound to come across some that shouldn't be said.
it would be a lot harder, dont you think?
( instant messeger) is where you can send messages to friends and get instant replies!
with essays you can type them, and fix your mistakes without it looking sloppy.
dear staff, are computers helpful to us regularly?
they should make sure about this cause you dont want your little son looking at like playboy.
i do have to agree with because she is right.
many people go on the internet and are so fascinated that, that is how they spend their free time.
in this instance, a moderation would be helpful.
i asked of about the concren.
first and foremost our children today are already struggling in their educational systems.
at times, computers could distract you.
compared to me he's not fit and healthy at all, that's what countless hours on the computer did to him.
computers make school easier for students and teachers.
you need to change something for a paper, it will be a quicker than having to rewrite the whole paper over.
they help kids have fun with the games we can play.
the sad truth is that too many people are wasting their time inside on their computers, rather than enjoying the day.
everyone has a right to read it at some point in time.
when i was a young girl in elementary school, i remember doing a whole unit on slavery and the underground railroad.
i thank if we were to tack off the notey book there would be less girls pragnet.
dear editor of the , i believe that computers are good ideas for our community.
you can also learn ahead far away places with a computer.
there are gang stories of terrifying people, such as .
have you ever ben on a computer for an hour.
for example, one day my mom and dad got into a series of arguments.
we should never have the right to be able to remove these materials.
if you take away all the bad materials it would be taking away one of our rights, freedom of speech.
going outside can enchance your knowledge, you can go on a walk in the woods.
in libraries, is censorship truly needed?
computers greatly benefit small and large buisnesses across the world.
on the other hand, computer technology, prevents people from being active, exploring nature, and talking to family and friends in person.
soon your head-ach wil turn so bad you cant bare it.
the , a book written by , revealed the horrible practices of the meat packing industry.
not everyone likes the same books but every book in a library is there for a reason.
and she is absolutely right!
this could greatly affect us by having a large amount of people come to an uproar at a group even as large as our current governament.
, about what your to do.
obviously, computers play a big role in the communication of one to another without a problem.
not all things online are like that though.
computers allow us to learn about other countries, people, etc... how would we learn about places we might want to go on vacation?
not to fear super duper computer is here.
these are all the reasons why computers are bad.
these kinds of games skyrocket entertennent lovers for the vast ammount of enjoyment they can endure while a .
or going to to see a basketball team and .s a another team and they are call lakers us caverlars.
but bear in mind, these are the people helping you stay alive, and helping lower your heathcare bill yoour talking about.
without it, these days, just about everybody would be lost!
morning walk gives me health and happiness.
people are asking me, "" you think we should spend more or less time on computers""?
i think having computers are good because you can use it to find places.
second, more citizens need to enjoy nature and the beautiful senery around them.
removing items from shelves removes history.
but it could reach its full potential by doing something else thats not straining your eyes so much.
computers are excellent tools that could help students with work in school.
it is like trying to make bread without flour, without that necessity the bread will not rise its full potential.
without a doubt, i firmly believe that computers should be a hobby not an addiction.
have you ever had to move so far away from your best friend that you cried so much someone thought it was raining?
i'm sure all parents would agree with that.
i spend two hours daily in my garden.
another issue i have is with sexual content being found in libraries.
i hope i persuaded you on my position.
they don't have to complain about because they don't pay any attention to it.
personally, i think computers have a positive effect on people.
a study showed that actually of use of the computer is communication with sites like facebook or .
start up your computer and get talking.
thats !!!
i think it would be more fair and satisfactory to take a vote on whether or not it is fair to keep or remove it.
but, yet it can make a huge negative effect on people.
let's say that 'person one' does not agree with the language in a text, but 'person two', perhaps does.
the world today in the is hardly free.
i don't think it's right that pretty much everything is done on the computer now.
we can chang people's lifes in third world countries with the help of computers.
things that are inappopreite should not be visable to children.
so, don't throw away friendships or relationships with your family.
which is why i believe that it should be removed from the store, or at least the shelves.
today in society there are many things people have different views on.
it in an ideal way to relax after a stressful way getting on the computer and listening to the newest songs.
also, you can talk to your friends or family over the internet.
another book, song or music that should be taken off the shelf should be ones that have violence.
as for music on the radio, all 'curse words' are 'bleeped' out.
while some people complain, others are using what it has to offer by looking up directions to events or facts for your next report.
thats why we should not remove anything from the library to provent the decrease of people coming to the library.
as you now know computers help not only humans but the eviorments this is because they are ecofriendly, efficient, and loaded with information.
the computer helps us learn of faraway places, it lets us communicate with friends and family all over the globe, and lastly the computer entertain us.
dear , **.
the library wants to target all aspects of people.
a library, a citadel of knowledge, should not be bound by a society as to what knowledge it can convey.
in adition to this there are many other ways to stay in touch even if your computer is older and have.
let people display their feelings through their art and share it with the world.
if you wanted to you could ask math questions as well, such as what is the square root of pi, and what is .
the media is telling them to do something that is not neccessarliy right ,but is popular.
sure, many people spend way to much time on their computer, but other people use it to save information or find research.
the most challenged book in school libraries is .
no little kid should be looking at or reading those books or movies.
dear newspaper, i think people need computers.
back then, this censorship which banned my favorite books from ever showing their covers in our school's library, bothered me immensely.
these are picked up by spell check.
nowadays there are social networking sites, like , , and , that gives people the chance to contact a family or friend that lives far away.
she was alone, living with her husband, who was not well, and confined to bed.
our children need to learn go out and exercise an hour a day.
people spend to much time on their computers and less time exercising and interacting with family and friends.
you would probley get all fat through the course of the year.
thank you for your time, ,
computers can most certainly improve our society.
nature is beautiful and refreshing unlike a computer.
you ask 'how do fiction books have purpose?'
computers help people stay in touch, computers are only getting better and they help kids in many ways.
such as how many points got for your fantasy team.
readers, hear my arguement and by the end the paper you will surely agree with me that computers are detrimental to society.
computers can be fun and interesting, but, people are spending to much time on the computer.
when you and you freind cant talk together you just have to get on you computer.
kids not know what is bad from good, but you still have teenagers.
i would make efforts to develop all-round personality of the students.
just think if they would have censored those ideas.
a movie, book, magazine, music, or even something on ?
thats why on is the way we are i lazy, unactive worthless and overweight.
instead of making a habit of going online everyday why not make a habit like try to get all your homework done each night?
children should not see any of the content because it is not right for a child.
he used to take me in aero plane also.
if you need certain information than you could find it on a computor without ever leaving your comfortable home.
computers can update you on important issues, help you contact people, and find out new informatiuon.
but people need to get off the computer and do something like a sport or even a game like.
the slogan for rosetta stone is ""i have spent less money than months of formal classes.""
so now 's your choice,"" we realy need computers or can we live with out them?""
first off computers are a positive thing because they can get almost anything done for you.
he should take care of his health.
i beleive it is wrong to remove books from library shelves even if they are found offensive.
(and while you're at , ask for a phone number!)
not every are knows how to use a computer lik older adults dont know how to really know use the full ptonole of a computer.
now i can talk to her and she can understand me.
without these books these can become something in the past and nothing more.
you can to other people that are or you can just on some websites such as , , and tons more.
some people say begging is an essay way to live.
statistics show that people who are using computers excessively tend to have drop in their grades.
lastly, games and sports teach you to accept both victories and defeat equally well with a happy face.
for instance somebody goes home and checks their email.
computers have alot of impact on peoples life!
learning about things you have never dreamed about learning.
to maintain a healthy weight, you must burn at least ,000 calories a day!
i think that some of the movies and books that is taken off the shelfs should be material that some kids should experience that help them in the future.
same thing with trains.
but thet stopin piles at loging sites and are leftrotting there not be my put to good work or what they should be.
censorship is from people with a more ethnich back ground that dont want the kids to grow up and see unappopreat langue.
they can also play against people around the world.
my third reason is finding out things.
i feel that they shouldnt be removed due to the fact that somebody else like that movie, book, music, or magazine.
the computers can also teach you in a way you might never have thought of.
supporters of technology say that computers have a positive effect.
could you imagine a life without them?
well because the adult and older tenageers should be able to handle and act like adult when reading the book, watching the movie, listening to music.
despite some people that think the advent of computer has affected communication.
i can talk to people all over the world and it doesn't even any money!
we stilll see more good being done and shown through reading and writing.
dear , have you seen someone with a emailing their co-worker or a person with their laptop at a coffee shop?
computers are used by billions and they a great way to learn stuff about are whole world and the things that are on it.
from stories, such as the three little pig and the big bad wolf, we can understand how poorly the concept of controversiality is drawn.
i hope you will take my opinion seriously and think about it is using computers for daily needs really that bad?
last but not least, begin to slack on interesting with friends and family.
a second reason is that computers just keep taking money out of your pocket.
taking offensive articles off the shelves ruins good books for everyone else.
most the time that you spend on the computer could be spent outside or at the movies.
computers are helpful device.
you can find information from the weather to where your family history comes from.
well you heard my opoin i hope you understand thank.
imagine if no important business was trying to be in contact with you by cell phone, but you missed the call.
its now or never!
there are educational websites to learn about things.
you don't have to leave your home, you can even stay in your pajamas.
an example of that would be aim or meebo.
without the internet i don't know how long it would have taken.
next, using computers saves trees.
as you can see, nature is much more beautiful than hundreds of tiny tots of colors forming an image of nature.
so what do they do?
, one of my neighbors.
the lack of exercise is increasing fast.
i believe if censorship were not used, people's thoughts would be more apt to imagine.
those are very high numbers don't you think?
microsoft has invented several applications of which allow you to graph information design presentations, and neatly record drafts of writing.
second, here are some dark secret of the computer.
that's something nice and quite to do instead of using ""computer time.""
i know a lot my friends have the same issue, and if not then the time difference between locatiions makes it hard to call people.
dear , people owner either computers or laptops.
dear : have you been sent a photo of a year old child with no clothes on?
for example everyday i walk the halls i over hear students talking about happen of the computer .
as i grew up in my younger years i hated the computer all i wanted to do was go outside and play.
if something like a book or movie offends you i feel bad for you anyways, but just put it down and dont wory about it.
dear , that use computers is a good thing.
but many people have to be careful cause their creeps out ther.
i know thats happened to me.
so all in all more in likely the book should probably just stay on the shelf.
the consequences of misusing this technology are devastating and could be life thretening.
dear newspaper, the years, the streets have become less crowded with people interacting exercising, and enjoying nature.
and if it wasn't for computers who knows how are nation would be running.
lastly, computers allow us to internet with friends from our chairs.
a censored book, movie or whatever it be could also determin how much someone could learn from it.
when they got a computer, we each bought a webcam and called them everyday on .
another way computers benefit society is by allowing us to get any form of entertainment easily.
children that are not in school or in the early stages of school.
so, yes, computers are good for people.
besides wouldn't you like to have the ability to have your hands work without having to look at them?
i mean hey if you dont want your children readin them than have them not read at all.
one time when i had a project at school on fredrick douglas i used the for help.
hundreds of millions of people use computors in their daily life today, but some believe that using computors does not benefit society.
yah, not cool to take care of yourself.
this author can no longer have the luxury of having their book in libraries so that their work be recognized.
kids are failing to do their homework because they are always on the computer when they get home.
do not get me wrong, these websites are fun and cool.
if you need directions you can look it up on the computer.
if we look at the topic as purely a historical reference not as a story to be read for enjoyment there will never be any offence in these books.
in modern society, is rare that you come across someone who doesn't know how to basicly operate a computer.
lastly, interacting with family and friends can help you stay off the computer.
as citizens, we have the right to free speech.
its the most common thing to go on the .
or how much you'd mess up if you didn't print out a recipe for dinner.
he checks it out and goes home to watch the movie.
computers are fine in moderation, as are most things.
books that are especially vulgar should definitely be banned.
do you want any thing like that ever to happen to you or your family?
this is bad because by the time the kid gets off the computer, its dark out and they can't go run around outside.
finally, computers is kind of like one .
hence, these parts of the earth experience summer.
the third reason offensive material should not be removed from shelves is that everyone has a right to read or listen to whatever they want.
most run aroud the library getting into any and all books or magazines the happent to come across.
so as you can see i highly disagree with the overuse of computers.
do you think there should be any books movies madaines etc tooken off the shelfs?
the variety of literature is the reason why it is so popular.
for example, i am sure many parents have a problem with the movie 'the ' for its use of alcohol and drugs.
fiction books are the first books children know how to read, this is where they start their reading skills.
computers not only let students write reports; they also allows them to save them for future uses.
libraries are our way of knowing what has happened in the past whether it is all fact or maybe fiction.
computers make it easier to connect to people near and far.
you know people that like to travel to far away places and have fun would rather that than waste their time on a computer.
second, they are creating a unsafe environment.
in fact, most people in the newest generation of families probably don't have an encylipea set.
these actions from parents have caused kids to go mentally insane!
my family has had an experiance with this sort of situation before.
this is why people should not take offensice books off the selves.
she has made some great songs for the past year and a half now.
second, being on a computer makes you stay inside.
coming from someone who does not particularly like reading.
someone's health is very important now.
just go on your computer and play some game or just find some activities you whole family could do.
sexual activity should not be exposed to children until it is time for them to start learning about it.
being able to talk with people online is a really great thing.
they will not get exursise by sitting in front of an computer all day.
meeting people from various professions is my another hobby.
some people agrees that it benefit the society and others disagree.
i know there are some people who are on computers alot more than they should but still computers are very helpful.
which is more important to you, family or computers?
like a week ago i was chating to my cousin she told me her dog had puppies.
dear , your at home and you are on the computer.
they play with it.
you can even make new friends to talk to.
did you know that of couples meet online.
on the other hand they attract the readers attention.
when i get home, i start using the online text book for my math class.
if people start to take those things away then what use would be for a library.
one of the largest aspects of life computers have helped us with is research.
if people dont own phones then you can still stay in contact with computers.
we want children to mature without the lies that everyone lives this way.
you might want to consider that parent need to spend time with there friend and family then staying on the computer at home.
the choice of what material you read should be left up to you, not restricted by what someone else finds offensive.
i don't even go online within every days.
people spend way to much time on computers.
i know that there is always something that pulls you back in.
for example, on the day of the deadly earthquake in , most of the world found out within the hour from computers.
they use web cams to talk online to people in faraway places.
especially students have the ability to study from education webpages.
the feeling could be devastating.
imagine a natural disaster accuring and not knowing about it right away.
and finally, they allow you to do finances and pay the bills online instead of by hand.
lastly, when you are typeing an essay or something you don't learn anything about grammar or spelling because spellcheck checks it for you.
however is there any difference that we can find unique in india in our attitudes towards parents?
this i believe is a good thing to know because without it, there arent many things you could do.
what are the children of the world being taught?
just that one picture shows your team name, your last name, and your number.
so, if you think about it, we really don't need computers to survive.
the computer solves this.
dear , people at my school sit on there computers after school.
books that are offensive should not be taken off the shelf all together, but should be put in a section made for adult readers only.
if we start taking certain books off shelves of libraries because they include a few controversial things we are violating there natural right.
so don't censor everything and let the next generation know what the generation before did wrong.
the only thing is, is that she's a addict.
when you want to click on something you have to look at the screen and move the mouse to click on the icon.
if one person found my favorite book offensive i would not want it taken off the shelves completely.
third, people won't take the time to with family or friends.
some books found 'offensive' or 'inappropriate' and taken off the shelves could be another person's favorite book to read.
therefore computers must have a positive effect on people.
so to go to a library and see offensive material on the shelfs is no different than the rest of the day.
his children are good natured and have good manners.
the book shouldn't be forced in any other way like posters, and television broadcast.
should not be changed is understandable that they would change songs and take out the bad language so that they can be played on the radio.
the social netwowrking has a positive aspect.
the reason i don't like compter so much because you get hook on so fast you can't stop.
if everyone kept their opinions to themselves in libraries everyone could possibly remain happy and have no arguements.
the school teacher, the monk and the native doctor in a
but there are many other types besides rap.
i have actaully had an experience with this.
a movie can show alot more detail in it then a book can so i say let the books stay where they are.
computers are one of the great inventions we have.
people reading these things that are offensive could cause problems with others.
because i use them myself.
that is the reason why pine tree's don't have outlets (although now you never know what they'll do next).
this style of communication has ever a new type of bullying.
even though computers are great for fun, working and learning are much easier online.
yes, i think that computars have a negitive affect on people based on the following reasons.
i remember a time when i wanted to by something a store all the way in i went online at home and bought there!
that's why the computer make every thing .
spending time with family.
go with them for some ice cream.
i though there wasn't going to sell more computer but, it said that people are using computers and are not exercising much.
you can also find diffrerent veiws and perspectives of a subject online.
i think that this would be fair for every one.
this fact itself proves our nearness to the animal kingdom or the animal world.
having a computer also distracts them from schoolwork.
inacitivity means not active activity.
when you can talk to them in seconds!
the libraries should not have to censor there books and entertainment store should not need to censor all the music and movies.
these inventions allow long distance communication bringing people ""closer together.""
i believe that it would be very useful and helpful for many libraries to allow a varied censorship of books.
""they have made a great deal of positive impact.""
books more often are correct.
you didn't even notice how once hang of typing, you tend to move faster.
the subject of so many debates over the years, from lawyers against judges to parents against children.
computers have a of knowledge and more is added everyday.
there is alot of people in this city and it was packed all the time.
it's pros how to better and more affective ways to healthy.
people can meet and make friends very simply using websites such as facebook on the computer.
so when people are addicted to them they're spend more time on that thatn the steff the have to do for their jobs.
there are cliques in every school.
the book was full of adventures.
do you see why the computers a good way of calming down?
look what they have given us today.
later that day, they got a call from the credit card company warning them about the purchase.
as a child, i have always gone to the child's section of the library to find a book.
sure, there are somethings that are very offensive to certain people, and those people will try to put a stop to it.
i don't know, i mean what kind of sicko would put those sites up even?
you don't any types of games you can always go on gaming just games up there.
i myself find this to be excessive because it doesnt apply to my beliefs .
spending time with your family is a huge activity that your computer is prevting you to do.
another method of computerized is my personal favorite, instant messaging.
or do you ever have time to go outside?
of high technological places are dirty with very little plant life because the workers need to tend to the computars rather than the bushes.
people aren't exercising interacting with family and friends in person, or having the ability to enjoy nature.
having a computer is a great way to get you smarter.you could go on diffrent websites to help you learn what your stuck on in school.
it also happens from not doing any cardio activities, which the computer stps us from doing.
if you need to talk to a friend but dont feel like calling them you can just go on to a website and chat with them.
if the people that make these products do this it will be much more easier for parents to do the right thing for there children
next, computers help learn about different coltures.
we are in the time period were people are open that it doesn't bother them to see that stuff.
i though we'd never talk again and i was so upset to say goodbye, but because of and we talk non-stop and have accually never been closer.
it makes it easier to talk to them instad of driving so you can see them.
also, computers are indoors, so the true world is chielded from view.
also again, you hear it on a daily basic like swearing.
i beleive that no one in this world should feel ashamed of who they are.
i believe that computers effect most people negatively.
effect of this is a world full of people who sit on the computer all day eating food and gaining weight.
another big problem is online they seem freindly then they try to.
the computer controlls lots of things like the nuclear bomb, security, secret-files, satalites, all of .a.@caps1.a.
also, chat rooms on the computer can help friends always keep in touch.
there were vivid flashes of lightning.
eat good plain natural food and drink a lot of clean water.
by haveng computers we could talk to our relative and help our health.
i think we need our computers.
all through life people are urged to think outside of the box.
finally, the technology used in computers today allows people to talk to friends from nearly anywhere in the world on a computer.
i believe that reading material could be a lot more educational if the editors woud leave some of the things that they censor, in the book.
meet some people.
the computer can't do everything, so take advantage of what you have now.
these people stay on thier computers for hours amd sometimes they dont even realize it.
the internet is for searching up all types of things.
if this keeps happining then they will all melt and we will not have a shorline and half of the world will be fluded.
with this, you can easily ruin your family/social life by using your computer too often.
a novel or song be pleasing to people, but should it be extinguished from the record store or library because of one person?
if you stair at something for too long it can damage your eyesight and make it worse because your trying your eye lens.
none persone have right to say this book offended me so should the libraries removed it.
this would happen we banned computers!
my last and final reason is that you can do almost anything on a computer.
dear, you agree with what i'm trying to tell about people use the computer more than exsersise?
this are my three ideas to the news paper article.
the music is not all that bad its just that the kids can take these off the shelves and take it home and listen to it.
a computer is a multi-use tool.
in 's society not everyone has the time to go to he library and pick up a book on a country they are interested in.
the parent can decide if the child is mature enough for the item.
people are threatened more and hear more bad words than interacting.""
they say that for people to talk online with other people.
computers are essential to our culture.
this machine is a great resource, but people are starting to get adicted to it.
go to a new library, even, but don't mess with something that isn't yours.
i think that children and other people should be able to read and listen to stuff without it offending others.
if you are bored, games are very fun.
now that you know that lets move on to the last reason.
these materials should not be able to sit apon the shelves no matter what the writers say if they are putting someone down.
all in all censorship shouldn't be allowed.
we can chat with our family and friends on the other side of the world who have computer.
if education is not what you seek, you can then use the internet to have fun when you are bored.
like if they are meeting one at a place and they said they if just means they were on the computer all day long.
whether it's through television shows, video games, or even music.
these advances will make easier to run and make them more efficent.
as you can see, there are many reasons why having a computer in the house is important.
they gives us inspiration, and help us pull through life with the thoughts expressed in them.
one of my interests in reading, i had to research about how reading a simple back can be related to science.
in freedom is important and we expect it, freedom of speech and the freedom to have your own opinions and interests.
what have we do to people?
when you sit down in your computer chair and start e-mailing away, you aren't doing any physical exercise.
computers help students research information that they need for school.
peple have accounts on social networking sites like facebook and sometimes they are very drame filled and cause problems.
computers can be used as a learning tool, allows communication with distant family and friends.
if you were in your familys shoes you think that they would rather have you come hang out with them or be on the computer?
so, she got a webcam, and now everyday they talk, and her dad gets to see the baby.
online, you can go on any website and talk to people.
a lot of people agree that computer make life a lot easier.
i'd hope not.
people use messaging and its also a way getting connected to others.
i'm a big fan of computers myself don't get me wrong.
you could be so invoilved that you never go outside or get excirsize.
say a child around the age of is listening to the new ' song.
they are people who are there for you when you are down and make you laugh.
also, kids in school use computers all the time for school work and to learn about new things.
many families do not live close to other relatives, making hard to see them.
more time spent on or anywhere on the means less time studying, which means lower grades.
people become obese due to not gettiing out and excercising.
computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches you information, you can socialize, and you can improve your skills.
with your address they can even look at your house on a website or possibly get your houses blueprints.
firstly, computers are linked with the crime of stealing the pleasures of childhood.
adds from show that they're computers are getting smaller and smaller.
if the ozon layer is like a bubble, the heat is trapped inside.
then she enquired about the reason.
it well even say if there delayed so you don't wait in the airport for five hours.
if computers take away exercise than health issues will more often and at a younger age.
you are able to talk to people from different countries.
when i walk into a library to look for a book, i would love to do so without seeing inappropriate books, movies, or magazines.
after that website you could go out and get the you will need.
i completely agree with those people who think computers have a negative effect on us today.
most people have myspace and that allows kids my age to keep in touch.
the answer is most likely going to be a yes.
nowadays, the internet is filled with lots of great information and educational site.
they also augment the information i use.
some people disagree with me becuase they're one of these people being offended or not liking something.
see what i mean by a negative effect?
thechild then becomes shy and quiet.
people can use computers to learn online.
not only does computers allow you to exercise, it also helps develops hand-eye coordination.
we enjoyed every single minute we spent.
or if you have a facebook you can tell them on that.
if someone finds it offensive then they can ask for that material to be put on the highest shelf their.
it would take longer to get it from a computer than an activity.
our kids need to see those books even if we don't want them to.
going on the computer inside a room is not going to help at all.
these are great for buisnesses and long distance ralationships.
dear local newspaper are you adminitrating your loacl newapaper to society?
im in grade.
so even your playing games your hand-eye coordination be improving.
sometimes people are on the computer, learning and they don't even know .
basically, the books will be put into sections depending on what they are rated just like a movie.
the ultimate prevention to such risjs is to to the rest of such causes, computers and it completely.
yeah its fun to go look up things for your entertainment.
the experts concerns that people aren't spending enough time with family and friends is a point.
it isn't how the body was built to work.
they said that we were worshipping the devil and brought the storm to tell us that what we were doing was wrong.
if your eyesight is already damaged a computer will worsen it.
books should not be removed from the shelves of libraries.they need to try to avoid the books that be offensive to them.
my little brother used to be addicted to a flying game, and he sat in front of it for hours every day and started to get fat.
well, now many times teachers especially enjoy them typed because many students have messy hand writing and most kids won't like writing it anyways.
i her everyday before dinner," sadly states eight year old, .
the animals, and the food they eat.
that way your door to freedom will be open.
some drivers do not obey the traffic rules.
you can talk to freinds and family on the computer and save thousands.
another example is that i logged on the computer three dats ago and it notified me about the earthquake in .
most people east, sleep, and drink computer.
the main course if you will of it all your family is so important because there your best friends whole wide world.
computers for example, are in the eyes of most people, fast, easy and fun, but they also pose as a problem.
everyone sees things differently.
everyone has different tastes, not only in food, but in every other part of their lives as well.
they of so use computers to make flyers easily and quickly.
no childeren should know about drugs, sex, or epspecially gang violence.
when you can't look up and learn about places, you are not about them.
both the rich and poor students live in hostels.
for example football keeps your legs strong and built.
i was but them i went better a also play movies, shows videos.
because so many people have different opinions, and beliefs appon things.
if you find any material offensive then maybe you should think in your head of ways to make an argument to prove the authors that they are wrong.
also some people send naked pictures online or even while webcamming.
dont you think you should be outside doing some exercising like running around or playing sports instead of being in your house on the comptuer doing nothing.
computers supply an excellent source of communication that is even used throughout schools.
one reason is because people can use computers to learn about other countries and people.
and the most important reason is because fiction books not only catch our attention, but they also catch our childrens attention.
computers are a whole new track and it should stay that way.
how times do you use the computer in one day?
have you ever wondered that?
hardly anyone will read them anyway.
we will have to tell them that the library doesn't have those books anymore.
everybody is overworked.
so getting your exersise is a very important role in your life.
many teachers nowadays request or demand students to type their asignments because it is easy to read, and it is easier to correct.
as many would agree, censorship is a growing topic of concern throughout the world.
so keep reading and think what you hear that could or has happened to you.
if a teacher and a parent of a student had to set up an conference, the teacher could e-mail the parent a time and date.
all students have the right to read/learn about different subjects.
live has made vidio games a lot more social.
you'd think more clearer just .
when colour enlivens our environment, depression drifts away.
we shouldn't get rid of computers, but just step away and care about the world around you.
and for the younger ones they'll be bored with the billions of games online.
but of the few that do stay on computers to long learn to balance their time, keeping computers would benefit in so many ways.
life will become tough.
when you read you learn, when you watch a movie you learn, even when you listen to music you can learn.
all because they didn't want to breath like.
the bright white computer screen filled with all those e-mails can really affect your vision.
, computers help children develop hand-eye coordination, which is a very important skill.
about four out of every ten people that are stressed are stressed out because of their computers.
also people should have to watch what they do just because theres a kid the parent should leave them with a babysiter or something.
a kid walks into the library up town.
plain and simple.
first, the wonder ful technology that computers have is amazing.
well not so fast my son!
i had poeple come up to me from our own school saying the books they read were a horrible experience.
libraries are a communal institution, open to all views and writings.
without a computer how would teachers get mail sent to them without wasting paper.
people could say go to the place to talk to the person and, with the internet, it's very possible.
so you go to the airport you are not surprised.
maybe the best benifit is how you can learn about far away countries and cultures with the click of a button.
don't you think people are wasting more time on the computer instead of getting exercise.
he does not waste and electricity.
i have also seen music videos and magazines with their favorite celebrities on the covers.
people will never leave the house and instead they are on their computer.
some strong materials, some more 'tame' materials.
with a click of a button you should be going to or a nice vacation.
'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.
the offended groups should just ignore the book.
as you can see laptops and computers are great for learning of foreign countries.
although with internet, i can talk to my family whenever i want!
entertainment is everlasting on computers from the skatebording dog on.
most people get addicted for the certain things they do online.
children should not read or watch anything that are talking about drugs in a positive way.
people that read things and get offended by it, should have a say in whether it is on the shelf or not.
so don't take a book in a hurtful way.
on the news, you hear about obesity.
technology has changed our world!
i would hardely yet to talk to my cousin if i couldn't go on facebook.
is a person does not have good hand-eye coordination.
as i ,mentioned, computers allow us to communicate with other people.
that is why i think more people should use computers.
my second main reason is it makes them allways want to talk about the computer.
in conclusion, i think that books should be censored by parents and that is it.
i respect people that stand up for themselves and find the hardest ways out of hard prediciments.
you can not please everyone, so in that case, censorship will just have to be looked beyond.
you can find history on almost everything from the past to the present.
especially, miners who lie about their age.
they bring us information at amazing speeds.
do you really want to write it all?
the evansmant ov tnachnolige is being to halp fined a kohar froi alnsas.
libraries have movies that are rated , , , , or .
first, people have different views on what they find offensive.
when communicating with people on the computer the writer tends to short hand things.
teenagers can play games on the computer.
we saw kangaroos, elephants, stags, deer and ‘neelgai’ etc.
i'll bet of you do!
after i wake up, i wish my parents.
knowledge is gained by asking, searching and learning.
where's the boundary between safety and and outright police state?
the computer improves peoples hand writing, speed, and research all at the click of a few buttons.
babies will learn to type instead of talking or walking.
although some speech is looked down upon, it should not be censored.
we might not want our kids to read something bad but they will one day so why not just get it done and over with in the benginging.
secondly you can stay in touch with your family even if they live in a different country or in a different state.
many children and even adults are hooked onto the computer.
many kids are becoming obese and lack my motivation to come out of their room off of the computer.
the censorship on the media depends.
to keep the ball rolling, computers give us the oppirtunity to learn about different things.
kids use the computer in order to do their history projects.
my first reason is kids might have to write an eassy for school.
lastly, taking to people and being active in other peoples life is important.
but as your children get older, they should know right from wrong and know what things they read and things they can't.
people that like and want to listen to that can easily go to that section and pick it out.
ears and two beads for his eyes.
not every nude movie and magazine is abused, and everyone should realize this.
this is just another way the quick acces to a computer benefits people.
after time the starts to become worse and worse and the kids gain weight and keep gaining wait then become obese and unhealthy.
just have to control yourself.
is cool because the computer help you in everything.
well, you can continue it on , or .
bill , creator of , ""the keyboard is the most important part of the computer because it builds hand eye cordination.""
this is why some people listen to other types of music and do not listen to the type of music that they find offensive.
i was growing up, we'd to go to the library and spend hours researching before we could write our papers.""
a life with out computers is a lot harder to do things, that we cant make simpler with computers
these hurtful messages do a lot more than just hurt someone feelings, it can hurt their self asteem and how they feel about themselves.
with this process, every book with a racial slur or questionable scene is not removed, while the ones that truly deserve it are removed.
in my personal opinion no i don't think that any book should be banned from the public library.
well they are all great ways to communicate with people using the computer.
do you have a computer?
educational benefits will only increase as technology, so cutting children from it now is a big mistake!
children wont learn at a young age how to think on there fact language.
also, it helps people do work.
in the says that if eating meat causes his brother to stumble than he will not do so.
computers gradually advance communication more and more everyday.
the last reason for me picking computers is because you can play video games.
in conclusion, people can communicate with friends and relatives.
there is sex and other inapropriate things in movies, but thats also why you have to be a certain age to even get the movies.
they need to be in the right state of mind and get back to reality.
if the parents won't then try to talk to them and tell them about it help them understand.
it is my firm beleif that they do.
see, computers help everyday people wiht everyday life.
they are causing a variety of problems in peoples health, mind, etc.
when you go on the computer, you learn that skill.
and now with so many things happening in the world it is important to recieve information instantely from these computers.
second, enjoying nature is a good thing to do instead of playing with a computer because you get your daily dose of air by enjoying nature.
your going to ruin it for the other people that though the book was either a good book or an azsome book.
i find this to be completely true.
i just don't think it's worth it.
but the last thought a child would have is if the literature their reading is offensive or not.
they are also neglecting to spend time with friends and family.
how mad would your parents be?
however you could also find out interesting facts like how many have chosen to sail around the world in the past ten years.
first reason is people are losing time.
also, a user increased light bill, and wont spend time interacting.
reason number one why i say people are spending to much time on the internet is because it is dangerous.
instead you should use this time to be with your friends and family.
i can just visit a whole bunch of educational websites on things i have learned in school or wanted to learn.
computers have helped students and teachers.
they contain vitamins, minerals, and fibers which give us the energy to work.
i know i .
third is its taking away authors money and point of view.
censorship is one of the most broken laws in .
familys are constantly having problems about family members who never have time to talk and funch holes in walls for losing a video game.
overall, one would think that computers have a mostly positive effect on the world.
to remain young in spirit, isolate yourself completely and meditate.
the computer can help you with all of this but is bad for you too?
there are so many different types and styles of music.
on monday i had two papers-english and mathematics.
remove no books from a shelf, and let the outcome draw in whoever is interested in whatever they be interested in.
would you rather being sitting in a chair, staring at the computer, or having fun outdoors visiting places you have never seen before?
therefore, my point is made.
most people would agree that computers have a positive affect on people.
you can get research about the earth and what happens to it.
we should choose how long were using one computers.
yes people do spend that time in computers a lot, its because computers are very helpful in many ways.
money he earned he bought books and learned to read and write.
if we censor materials like books, music, movies, etc.
in the morning, the air is cool and very fresh.
to: goes so fast, and the most they make more new invations.
but with new computers they strive to meet every goal.
there are cyber and they could find out where you live that information about you.
and who do sent want to move your doctor happy!
with this attitude toward outdoor activities i am not surprised that students wasting time on computers do not have time for family or friends.
this would make parents of younger children happy, but also the people wanting to view this material happy.
a poll was token and shows that of students at school who use the computer to look up information get faster and more accurate results!
he is a gentle horse and children love to ride him.
when your on your computer you can not go on an hike in the woods.
my first reason why people should spend less time online is because people need to exercize.
next, is how computer could benefit our society.
with people always having different views it is difficult to take books, music, movies, or magazines off the shelves for everyone.
such as homework, what happened that day, or how they haven't seen eachother in forever.
if i want to gon on the computer and do research on a topic, the internet takes me where i want to go.
this is yet another problem...through the internet, you not even know who such relationships are with!
everyone is supposed to get at least minutes of activity daily, but no one ever spends that much time working out.
censorship lies within the hands of the viewer.
you can also build new things.
do you really want to take the learning experience away?
in a library, someone comes arcoss a book or a movie that seems offensive to them.
would you belive that there is so many jobs and responsibilities that require you to have a computer.
you should only need to go on like paying bills, and furneture for your house.
now remember, computers have bad effects on people because it makes people unhealthy.
so, i ask you to consider the benefits of computers; but also look for the negative effects.
my mother actually contacts actors in videos to see if they want to become professionals.
third, many people over whole world have a lot of love one's that they care about and love.
i do not believe victims of abuse no matter what degree should have to read about that subject in a book they thought they were reading for leisure.
computer obsessed teenagers and adults need to be with their family and friends.
some feel that reading a book about there problem will help them get through what ever problem they are having.
put books and movies together, books and movies together, books and movies together, and so on.
does that realy sound a ""great deal?""
all this so you can go online.
music is another good way to express yourself.
nowadays, the average familly has up to , , or even more!
they help the obesity level in the nation, let cyber bullying and inappronrate content flow around the internet and lastly block you out from the world.
in this day and age computers are used for many things.
my last reason is that the people that is spending all their time on the computer they are letting their lifes pass by there.
being so drawn to your computer can you indoors instead of breathing fresh, clean air which is outside.
lastly there is a lot of mis-leading or wrong information online.
just ask yourself these questions and you just might change your mind.
they find it affective and fast to use.
if anyone deserves to contact their family that they haven't seen in two years, it should deffinately be the people in the army.
computers also allow people to work easily.
dear , would you want to do in your spare time?
the effects of cyber bulling can be brutal.
so, as you can see computers really are needed.
as much as people should be open and be able have access to this information, it is also important that other people did not see it.
soon there is great rush at the taps.
i myslef see alot of things i don like everyday but i do not try getting everything changed.
people are always using paper and paper comes from trees.
in my opinion i agree that it benefits society.
i think computer is a great way to learn and talk with others.
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
one parent thinks is bad, another not.
ya need to live your life like your going to die tommorow.
that's when the question comes up, ' don't we just have seperate rooms, for seperate books?'
my friend often hope from school and goes straight up to to use his laptop without even saying hello to his parents.
stop reading this article and go out and meet new friends.
dear , if i was with or aganist people using computers.
our country, , say that everyone has the right to free speech.
anadem exaggerated argument people use against computer is that everybody that uses them doesn't exercise.
computers have positive effects on people.
rooms are the main why.
it just on how you view it.
in conclusion, the web is used for researching.
books are created to read and have interest, laughter, enjoying.
when your online you can learn alot of things.
many people cominucate with family and friends through computers.
its not like your going to stop your son from looking at a .
so the time has come to make a let your kid be lazy on the computer and get into or go have fun with them?
my third reason is people wont enjoy hanging out with there friends.
trust them, they know what they are doing.
it shouldnt affect dailey schedule or just being with your family.
they give the ability to learn about far away places or other coutries.
lastly, with computers you can talk to people around the world.
secondly, customers who don't like the context of these materials don't have to get them.
it seem like i am on a lot, but really i have something.
computers allow you to see people that you can't see otherwise.
my second reason of why computers can have positive effects on people is that it can help them get a better education.
millions of people use the internet everytime and there are places on the web built so that they can talk.
by these high tech computers we can learn about life outside like space, and other galaxies.
the computer does effect how people exercise i know what you are.
the sea is full of many forms of life, minerals, and salts.
second, you make friends.
well you shoud, your society, family, and friend should be the most important thing to you.
out in or , solgiers rely on computers for valueable information; such as radar, or robots.
which that be true there are a lot of things that even adult shouldn't even see themselves.
but who cares about them when you are obsessed with your computer.
she took me in her arms and held me tight.
children need computer to make there intelligence go up higher.
allows you to talk to friends, comment on their videos, and subscribe to them, plus it provides hours of entertainment without a fee.
although the person isn't developing hand-eye coordination playing a sport such as baseball, they have still developed this coordination.
also they have programs that let you know how to read.
you can search up your friends name and magic!
dear , i want you to imagine it's a beautiful day.
think of the computer as a big easy to acess library, type something into a search engine and it pops up.
for conclusion, computers have a positive effecton you because they help your education, talk to your friends and family, and have better hand-eye corrdination.
it could also help people find their .
they provide educational information about the students in schools, and my school, school, uses them quite often.
please keep reading to hear my great ideas.
lastly, computers make life easier.
it's one of the best inventions ever made.
there are brown patches on its body.
parents often find offense in the authors schools choose to make students read, saying their ideas and ways of thinking are to single minded and wrong.
go for a walk some thing just try to get yourself dumb, but still fun, computer.
they make our lives easier with their technology.
how long do you stay on the computer?
when are finished telling you why these three reason are good the peoples computer will win this war!
obesity in children from lack of exercise is becoming very common, and its because young people are glued to their computer screens.
computers become a distraction to your social life, thats why you should use them for emergency's and spend more time with your wonderful family and friends.
after school, many teens and adults go rushing to the computers for all different reasons.
has infinite entertainment, right at your finger-tips.
i, myself, know that too much time is being spent on computers.
even i will listen to that type of stuff occasionally just so that i can have a cool beat stuck in my head for a while.
you have to give them a chance to form an oppionion.
to stay healty, only use the computer when it's absolutely neccesary.
ever since they were invented, computers have been advanced more and more even years.
of people are under the age of without me advances of technology for cellphones this wouldn't even be possible for minors.
famous singer says.
show you can go online and watch them.
also, it would be so much better for our bodies and minds to go out and enjoy nature instead.
different parts of the world experience different seasons at different times of the year.
another thing a computer is good for is that you are able to search for anything.
the struggles of one person be what saves another and allows the ideals of the world as a whole to grow
i have sam kids with special needs useing the computer is help them learn hand eye cornation.
although, age restrictions be an answer for younger citizens these materials aren't taken away from the public.
if you spend hours a day on a computer your eyes can get permanently damaged.
it can send us school starts like a early dismiste or a way to catch up with old highschool frends.
reading in itself is a great pleasure.
conversations over a chat system are fast and effective.
second reason that it teach hand eye coordination.
we need computers for life, and that doesn' make use lazy and forget full it makes us busy.
some people, like myself, even have friends from different countries!
just don't forget that as be gone.
lastley if you use myspace, facebook or twitter you could connect with old friends and not just family members. ""
when i get home, she will normally be on .
everyone enjoys playing games, whether you're one or eighty-two.
computers put a positive effect of people.
but that is where the idea that these books were not created for them.
the problem is, how do the libraries keep these uncensored objects out of children's hands?
in the parents thoughts, uncensored content should be kept away from children.
all of this pointing to lazyness too from lack of intrest to anything else.
another simple fact is that the constitution that we have the freedom of , which basically means we print and read whatever we want.
have you ever had the time completely fly by while you're on the computer?
often people come home from work or school just wanting to relax, so the seek comfort from the web.
but the experts who are spending too much time on thier computers & less time exercising enjoying nature & interacting with family and friends.
haveing computers is always handy.
censorship for those who understand is unacceptable, although select items should be viewed under supervision.
even if you look at nature via comuter, it still wan't be the same because you actually aren't outside experiencing it yourself.
dear local newspaper, i would like to speak upon the topic of the effects that computers have on people.
we could not do anything without our dear mother.
dear , i am here to prosoade you to agree with me on, that the use of computers does benift society.
finally, society needs to back away from their computers, and stop into.
computers allow students to finish homework and projects quite fst.
the social aspect of a computer is rising in popularity and many people are using computers to be social.
another advancement computer technology has developed is picture sharing.
like for example when i was going down south we didn't have no .p.s and we didn't know how to get their.
i think computers work because it helps people with there own work.
being in shape, talking to people in real life and activities your town offers is the way to go.
i urge you to use your computer less and exercise, see family, and enjoy nature.
so explain in your next article that we need our computers.
some books be offensive in religious ways.
it lets people interact with people from very far off places.
but you have to make sure you get a good computer.
but should those materials be removed from the library?
many might want to forget about what happened, instead of books and magazines still publishing articles and stories about it.
our state does put in each year for our parks just so we can ignore them.
greenhouse gasses and fuel are poisoning the air and being wasted.
they don't go for walks because their doing something on the computer.
i remember having some difficulties with a few friends and one of my cousins gave me very good advice through an instant messaging program named """".
my mother was concerned about the lyrical content of the songs i would listen to.
this would help students with reports, along with any other person who is trying to find some extra information they might not know about a topic.
that is a job for a computer.
when you type a paper for school, you go to spell check and then you know everything is correct.
i visited yellow stone last week to find out if as many people have been goind.
computers benefit us by easy aces to info.
if we do not have the knowledge we can take guidance from experienced persons in business.
my final reason i think computers are bad is because, instead of computer time it should be reading time.
the way people want to take roll in the things they are part of, might actually be found in the library.
and you just cant figure it at?
he has to use to check on the stock chart.
it would just be a click away.
falsehood leads to evil.
that year, the library lost of their customers because everytime the library tried pleasing them, someone else was not pleased.
computers teach hand-eye coordination they're convient and you can interact online with diffrent types of people.
being on the computer people dont get the chance to interact with their family and friends because they want to be lazy and stay on the computer.
watch at least one or two episodes of television show.
my main reasons of this argument are.
your net sustaining the right amount of vitamins you need daily, at a computer screen.
the creation of that art form as writing would be nothing less then lonesome trash floating the winding streets if were censored.
i hope you realize how useful computers are because they make learning easier, allow students to do better in , and are a great learning tool.
this a facinating are might see because they have a computer screen in front of their face.
i do believe everyone, including myself, spends a lot of time online.
dear , have you ever wanted to see the whole world with just a click of a button.
out of students use the computers to do homework.
sooner or later five pounds is gained.
out come the sun shades, umbrellas and cotton clothes.
books with mature topics should be seperated from those for younger childeren, because the description in a book leave a child with emotional scares.
there are many reasons why we should could keep computers but here are some, interact with people, learn about other places and learn about family.
people who are staying inside all day arn't as healthy as they were before.
these skills can also help us do more things at once.
firstly, using computer allow a floridian to learn about connecticutions; or a canadian to learn about the world around them.
computers now and days are popular thecnology now and days computer are a bigger calculator.
restless people can be seen standing helplessly in queues for long hours.
kids shouldn't be on the computer, they should be outside running around with their friends.
by games, i observe how into since i started seeing as role model to me, high making a stride for a .o .
i probably enjoyed that book more than i have any other book that i have ever read in my entire life.
now i love my school.
this gives more comunication.
is easy to belive a computer is not a good thing.
the idea of taking a book off the shelf is a bad because people want to read books like that.
can we live without the computer?
fun what the government is doing now.
the most reliable source would be from a book.
i do believe that materials on any subject should reflect how people see the world now.
on the other hand many say that people are spending to much time on computers, and getting outside for execise and not spending enough time with family.
i choose to do it on the computer it came out nice and neat with picturs.
this technology is the basis of our future, and our future has evolved around our computers.
he plays cricket with his friends in the evening.
once a week we email our pen-pa. the computers have deffidently helped my schools curriculum.
if you are in and this happens you wouldnt be alowd to graduate and go to college.
you need to have a limit.
finally, computers are letting people of all ages talk to buisness partners, friends etc.
i'm sure you've heard of websites such as myspace, facebook, formsping, etc.
the parents or even kids are not spending lots of time with each other due to the computers.
the first girl asked.
that deplleats me protection we get from our ozone layer.
and the next day at basketball practice i felt like amazing point-guard , the ball just came straight to my hand!
when a person has an opinion, they have the right to voice it anyway they want.
it was a sunday evening.
you would go on the computer, look up directions to and print it out.
perhaps he or she reads something that his or her parents did not intend on teaching them for some time.
everyone has a different opinion on what books they like to read.
computers are also attention hogs and take away interaction with family.
when i found out enough information i would then be able to find the ten year old.
most recent information i would have now to go find banks published recently enough carry this significant fact.
to make things easier the books should have a rateing system that would be the national standard for all public libraries.
i think this law should actually be enforced instead of ignored.
we did not remove any books, pictures, or even magazines in that store.
for all of these reasons, censorship in libraries should not be allowed.
they should not grow up to fast like some people are .we need to make the better for our young children's.
this section are for the younger children.
dear local newspaper, computers are very important to some people.
if your on the computer all day then, you'll exercise and develop right.
children can be strongly influenced by all media out there and making that material has been made easily accessible.
i believe that some materials are offensive to some people, but that shouldn't give them a right to want to take it off the shelves.
certain things like reading about the times before racial equality, and such things as slavery are very offensive for people to read about.
whne your outside palying baseball, football or tag with your friends you are getting exercise and your having lots of fun.
he was looking at a magazine out of library.
computers have far more positive than negative effects.
libraries should not censor the material that they put on the shelves just because someone does not like it.
you can even be really social and meet new people, as long as your safe.
it limmits you on exercise and makes you gain weight, which is unhealthy.
in our generation today, people look forward to see things that they can't see at home with their parents.
i hope you consider my oppinon when you make you decison, where you go think of all the kinds of people it helps.
for example you have to a project on .
being a daughter and teenager myself, i personally have had the experience of reading some of these offensive books and magazines.
instead of calling a number, why not go online and plan your entire trip from your computer.
you could use it for all subjects especially language arts you could type up papers and look up diffrent things you had to do in class.
so, its now or never.
in the end, computers can teach you many things.
more and more kids are spending time on computers, rather than outside excersising and communicating with friends and family.
an article is made to show the pros or computers, more people will experience the wonders of them.
also if you are sitting around on the computer all day you aren't burning calories so you are gaining unnecessary weight that could easily be prevented.
finally, computer is a great way to keep busy because you take the time looking up information for school projects.
all of this is why i don't want this to happen.
the question has been raised if people spending alot of time on computers is a bad thing.
outside the airport, there were cars and taxis.
if somone does not wish to come across offensive material they should choose not to go to the library.
so he asked the librarian 'where are all the books covering , , and ?'
censorship should not take part in any library.
not everyone who posts articles is an expert on that topic; the information could very well be false!
another thing the comuter puts family and friends on hold.
they can help save the environment.
computers are also not always dependable or safe.
once again they are distracting, dangerous and hurt families.
you might be able to see how an household runs.
you should log onto you computer find a reliable website and boom you are learning facts about that you would have never know until you logged onto the computer.
, computers allow quick access to the news, so we can find out about accidents right away instead of waiting for the newspaper to come.
as you can see, the dependancy on and average of computers is having a negative affect in our society.
computers teach hand-eye coordination let us learn about faraway places, and also let us allow to chat online with other people.
i see how you think that enjoying natures is imprtant, intelegence is even more important .
i would well-equip the laboratories.
the reason it is a problem is because people have begun to loose the ability to use books like encylopedias and atleses or even simmple maps.
we as people need to learn to accept something out of the ordinary, and try to understand where otheres are comming from.
if a few people start censoring books then it will set off a chain reaction.
you can also put all your information online and you not think a lot of when they really do.
i do not believe that the books, music, movies, or magazines should be taken off the shelves completely.
i quickly realized the computer is a tool used only when necessary.
that way, a person could go to a specific section and know what to expect from there.
click, click, click the mouse of a computer goes as you are searhcing throughout the internet.
for example, say you wanted to find a place to go to and you didn't have a adress or anything, you always check on the computer.
they travel places with people at their fingertips.
that kid just went from reading abot nascar to reading about racism and different races.
something that would offend me in a library is some of the music they carry.
i know that the internet helps me heep in tuch with old friends.
there are certain sights like and where we can interact with other people.
all i have to do is go online, click my chat box and click their name and then !
and if you can't see this open your eyes
that means that you need to know how to work with computers to get a job which can be.
all reasonable people would agree advances in technology are extremely helpul to the public.
censorship of anything makes a child more immature.
we start useing computers to do things that we ushelly use paper for we would be saving millions of trees.
of have been reconnected using social networking site on a computer.
in conclusion, the computer can ruin your life and can make you go blind.
from experience with using the internet.
that is why computers have a very positive effect on people around the world.
computers give so much information that it could give people ideas of fifferent activities people can do outdoors.
so if we take away computers then you'll be letting many lives down.
for example, you have just bought a new house and want to know more about that area.
then they would have some made up percentage on how manny turn in to a murder that watch movie compare to that don't.
you can find information on almost any topic.
now it's time to decide!
everyone will be offended in one way or another some time in their life by something they will read or already have read.
this man was not a good swimmer but he had decided to swim.
another bad example would be drugs and alchoale.
movies are going to be offensive to at least one thing all the time.
if you get offended because of a book, magazine, music, or movies than don't read, watch, or listen to it.
seeing all my aunts, uncles, and cousins it so much better and fun.
one person's negative interpretation of a novel effects everyone else's right concerning the censorship in libraries.
when i'm on facebook and i see the number of people online is one hundred or even two hundred, as time goes by, the number increases.
this is problem in the country because if we become lazy then we could ruin our country.
i urge you to support me by writing a positive article on computer and how the help the society.
books, music and movies have a certain veiw set aside for the reader or veiwer at hand.
i rember when facebook and werent created those were the days when people actually did fun things with there friends and family.
if all the material that is found offensive was taken out of the library, would there really be anything left?
did you know that the positive effects computers have on people the negative?
this will be used through out people lives.
have you ever imagined a without movies or music to entertain you?
while growing up i had a friend who was very religious.
they can even monitor what your typing, which could be passwords!
which isn't bad sure we sometimes go over board with it but it is very useful.
like , and the obese have shown how people gain weight.
software typically includes games, movies, and music.
you should start to check there homework instead of them just going on there and forgetting all about there work life i did.
these are small issues that can be blocked and censorships can make a clean version.
children are also becoming addicted to computers and are paying the price physically.
you can make new friends from around the world without leaving your house.
in conclusion, the effects of computers are bad.
hand-eye coordination very important.
, boom, bom!
it is easy to learn hand coordination and communicate on a computer.
websights such as myspace and facebook allow you to connect and reconnect with friends old and new.
censorship is truely just a matter of maturity and how a person goes about dealing with the material.
no, i dont think music.movies.magazines, and etc., should be moved from libraries because whats a libaray with only books?
not every book will be full of rainbows, pretty colors, or pop-ups.
plus, computers run your lifestyle because half the things you think you are learning arent real.
people and politicians try to cash on the sufferings of people.
last - but (at the risk of sounding cliched) definitely not the least - computers are very powerful research tools.
some policeman is trained to control the traffic.
kids always ask questions like 'where do babies come from?'
in conclusion, computers are modern devices and you are going to have to live with it.
now that help's out a bunch when your traveling the world.
and if you want to be a athe lite than you need lots of it.
another reason there should be advances in technology is because it gives people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
people used to read news out of a newspaper, on computers you can too without paying the cost of buying a newspaper.
what path would you take
they can also exercise on the internet because if they go to youtube, then they can find different types of positions that they can do.
you can learn about other places and cultures.
lastly they can be eisily used for bad even ilegal purpuses.
a great way to learn about other states.
on the other hand, some people say that computers are bad.
we should destroy the computers.
it gives people who didnt get a chance to learn what they wanted to actually do so and learn it.
its just sad.
suddenly, it was like i was in !
this is why i think school work shoud be a valid reason for benifiting society.
it is also used to run trains from one place to the other.
i mean what do you think?
and what i mean by that is you can go to the zoo and learn about stuff there to.
one main technilogical device that is popular is the computer.
it' spo much fun.
i do not enjoy books that do not have drugs, alcohol, family stress, war stories or even some sexuality mainly because books without that are boring.
i hope you liked my opinion about computers, remember, they are useful to some people, but not all.
now we can play games, go on the.
i do belive that certain stuff should be removed from the libraries like stuff that little kids should not be able to see.
i acknowledge that i should get outside and meet up with my friends, but sometimes when its raining or snowing i just want to talk to them online.
all's you need to do is it on and get ready for a ride!
all you have to do is search your destination and pictures and info will come up so you can make the right choice.
they help us learn about far away places, they help us with our school work and the let us communicate with other people online.
we should respect him for his hard labour.
you cant expect to go to the other side of the country to watch and take notes.
eighty-seven percent of scientists agree that recieving information would be a lot harder.
who dont want to know whats going on your own?
but computers made the expirience a reality.
for example when you leave the library the people that work there want you to come back and tell other people about their library.
it is that persons choice to choose that library to attend to.
there is no more need to search for hours through biographies.
if people want to see about a restaurant, store or product, they can do that online.
after all, if the language in some slavery books was not as vivid as it is, some people not oppose slavery as strongly as they do.
online news is widely popular & extremely beneficial to many people.
the sun had just set.
then i get to enjoy the music from my ipod.
there are websites full of pictures of beautiful foreign places that hot deserts, and troppical rainfall of monkeys and tigers.
it is true about people not going outside geting some fresh air or even taking a walk in the park.
people not want there kids to look at certain things but, they need to keep them were there kids cant find them.
you want your child to have a balance in there life, manage the time where they are not all day long.
it also helps you do many stuff for your own future: not just to play around with some new friends.
your kid goes on those websites than your kids' always at danger!
in the end, the choice is really up to you.
do you even realize who your child's talking to on the computer?
i am only saying that our surroundings almost make us who we are along with the way we were raised.
for example your family's history, you could go look that up on the computer.
oh here comes pete.""
dear , i think that children are spending to much time on the computer for the wrong reasons.
computers can ever help people plan a vacation, or learn about a country on the other side of the earth.
if a child wants to read an inappropriate book, the librarian will most likely discourage him or her not to read it.
although, there are much stronger reasons as to why computers have a positive effect on people.
they can do there homework when evertime want and just send an emal to there teacher that homework on it.
dear the , computers are a great piece of technology.
you can save anything on a computer.
i know that i have made friends over the years that have moved away and that i have lost touch with.
everybody will be projected to offensive material sometime in their life, so their is no real reason to censor materials.
but everything was in a real mess.
also sometimes its a little dangerous to put your last name.
don't make all of the other people suffer.
so what are you waiting for?
i think that it is important that know a meteor is about to strike the world no?
the people can look at a different book and completely ignore the others.
do you ever get bored and have nothing to do ?
the law of censorship is usually broken in libraries.
i strongly feel as if computers do not benefit society.
my hobby has changed my life.
computers are a use ful way complexing an these tasks.
i wouldn't have met him if i was insine on the computer.
they act hyper and mean to other people or even other children.
so what's stopping them?, computers.
this can then lead to a child having a hard time associating with his peers.
some people think that computers are good to use to help teach hand eye coordination, learn about other places in the world and talk with other people online.
bugs can also seriously damage your computer rendering it imposible to use.
talking to someone facebook or twitter is no the same as talking to them in person!
because of all the time spent on the computer, people's bodies are taking the negative effects.
instead seeing the through their own eyes they are seeing it on videos or in on the internet.
the purpose of a library is to provide the people who go to the library a resource.
therefore i think having computers are a good thing because nowadays computers are very useful.
i know i do it all the time.
humanity has the power to get off the computer, and go outside or be social.
even just typing is interesting for younger kids.
questions such as these come to mind when the topic of censorship in libraries arises.
men, women, and children were hurrying home.
if i can do you can do too!
i myself and through have know many proces.
or not all day on the computer.
computers can do all these days.
this allows us to change our own culture by getting inspired from others.
conclesively, if people just puxh them selves to stay on the computer for an hour and a half the obessed!
we are a mixture of many different ideas that work together for a common goal.
the class teacher was a kind lady.
but this perked my curiosity.
you and i both know that every one needs a .
if i have a project, i don't have hours and hours to look in books and find out what i need to know.
through facebook, we can talk and update each other on our lives.
if people weren't allowed to use computers then many people would lose their jobs and many families would be in huge debt.
cause alot of people as in children spend there time after school plan games, myspace, facebook and there e-mail address.
but computers can be a bad thing.
they are used for carrying loads.
our parents work hard to give us the best.
for example, in my life i use my to video chat with my sister, , who is a freshman at college in .
oh come on like you haven't done that!
dear , the issue before us is that people are addicted to computer.
it is better to see and understand than to enter the world blind and dumb
computers help people communicate with other people.
seconde give detailed resons that will persuade of the local newspaper to agree with yor postition.
computers can do all sorts of different things.
in my opinion, computers benefit society.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
i'm going to explain to you why i think computers are positive for humans.
a computer also helps a students interact with friends.
the time taken up by staring at a blank screen can be spent helping the community, exercising, or simply having fun with others.
most people these day take things way to serous now mostly because we have things like lawsuits and dercrimation.
it could entertain her for days, but most importantly, it helps improve her eye-hand coordination every second she sits in that chair.
computers are vital to everyday life and we need them.
after my essay i can honestly say computers benifit society.
computer can also be helpful at time when needed for school or you job.
eventually, all books, movies, magazines, music, and video games would be deemed offensive and inappropriate.
the used it in the colonies during the to keep the colonists loyal to the crown.
last of all, censorship can also be a good thing in some circumstances.
they don't neccessarily need to be censored or taken away, just kept in another section for teens and adults.
computers are the center of technology.
what if you had to do a report and you could only use the internet, how would you be able to tell if the information is trustworthy?
the a very detailed book and has many great facts in it, but many people find it offensive because it says had a wife and had children.
also, this is a great memory excirsise for your fingers.
others tend to choose not to do their homework and work on their social life on the computer instead.
for example you would not see me reading a scary book , because it would just remind me of the movie , and i would have nightmares.
do you reall want that.
in my house all people in my family has a computer but of the computers are used once a week.
hopefully, my supported reasons have given you another view on surfing the web.
experts should not try to have less people on the computer.
kids learn alot of this through the media.
it went up almost from year and from the year before.
also the liberian is incharged of the items he wants to display in his library.
so when something happens that i don't like, i either change my ways or i aviode whatever it is.
dear : i am and i have heard there has been a discussion about different things in libraries.
if you go on in you could find hundreds of on one topic.
someone out there hates these works, and he should not have the right to ruin the opportunity that these books and short stories could give someone else.
there are running program held at our local beach, , where you can exercise or even run a small competition!
people such young children, pre teens and teenagers are able to view many harmful and inappropriate things anyone their ages shouldn't be viewing at all.
computers are very useful in many different ways.
well if so, that means you probably had to do your presentation on paper, the old fashioned way.
another thing is that is some bad persuading such as bad things that you hear or see and you wonder what it would be like to do that stuff.
some of that material is bad though, but some is good.
dear of the , computers are a wonderful tool and they bear many positive impacts on society first, computers have created numerous forms of communication.
and if you just want to stay home all day you can still interact with people.
but, the material of some books have gotten to be where every other word is a curse word.
for example, some adult books etc.
i disagree, because is your on the computer all day you'll forget bout things.
and i walk up stairs to the childrens section.
as they disscussed a little more turned out that there were tons of curse words throughout the entire book.
but if things like this are in libraries thenthe question is who should be in charge of deciding what is right for wroung?
goes back to what was said by katherine paterson earlier.
my friend bought a computer game last week.
computers posses the ability to do certain human tasks that seem hard for us to do.
computers have many positive effects on people so i hope you agree that computers benifit soctity
i dont know what i would do if i didn't have a computer.""
you can save you picture, download music, play games.
dear , computers have been an incredible help to many people as they advance in knowlege.
could help you out a lot.
i people spend too much time on the computer.
on make up for what they miss when they are dosent.
soon the platform wears a deserted look.
as the massive sits in space like high take fascinating worlds it the computers.
and then when they find out that it wont work they do it to them themselves.
this is why i believe having access to a computer at all times is very helpfull because you can find information that you've been needing.
but, its not good for you to just drop everything and go to your computer.
for example, i am one of the biggest slackers when it comes to doing homework or studying.
obviously, there are many people missing out on the beauty of nature.
dear local newspaper writer, i'm writting to talk to you about the use of computers.
she has built a small nest on the roof outside my room.
now, it can also give you facts opinions, pictures, videos, and movies about faraway places.
not being physicly social but verbily social.
studies have shown that of the people growing up with computers at home have a high paying job!
ask yourself ' they get ther before me?'.
we had to leave all of our family and friends behind.
when it comes to these technological devices there are pros but there the cons can easily outweigh them.
books are written by very wise, experienced and intelligent persons.
with just a clicking your mouse you can find a new powerful way of technology.
personal experiences are also have a place.
i think is a positive effect on people.
yet not all parents allow their twelve year old to watch a rated movie.
top scientists and researchers say that it is extremely important for people to interact with others face to face.
the internet, millions of people would not even know about these people who desprately need help.
don@caps2 you need to know whats going on too?
imagine a more eco-friendly country where we don't have to cut down a million acres of rainforest every year.
i thank that all of the books and movies and more should not be censorship because people have a right to no what they what to no or see.
this is what some parents might say to their child if they don't want them to read a certian kind of book or even a certin book.
to , computers can be both and positive but i chose to look at things through a positive eye and i think you should too.
by taking all this off shelfs we would be providing a smaller education for students around the world.
a ship may sink, if the crack, once noted by the crew is not immediately plugged.
first of all, freedom of speech is very important to the people of the .
we require water for different purposes.
reading it is a joy to some and a pain to others.
we again got on the train.
in video games people make it you to react at a movements notes in order to compleat your objective.
it would be fun though to traver to to see that but i don't have that kind of money.
the chat you're having with you bestfriend on aim wouldn't happening.
it can teach you something and help you.
well if you all have a computer than you can posibily stay in touch!
now and days you don't even have to leave your house.
she works for three houses so she learned to type really fast.
with not them the parents should their child to and from the library, and the time.
there has been times when i've wanted a book, but the libaray won't get it because of the adult content in the book.
furthermore, you should have your time for on the computer and exercising.
, some people do all of their they get obsessed and then their family leave them.
dear newspaper, some people are asking others about the effects computers have on other people.
you type a lot of essays in college too os that can help you as well.
computers help us do all of that.
if parents didn't like their kids reading it they should have just told them not to read it.
the people who spent most of their time on the computer are the people who are addicted.
they help us learn, pass the time, and it can all be manage during a certain amount of time.
im just saying that the real world doesnt have a 'clean' version.
maybe even include the fact that it takes a lot of work to write the things on what people want to hear, or see.
i have to input that i personally sit on my computer at times and not even realize two hours past.
last but not least, computers people are world in communicate with each other.
dear local newspaper committee...., i am writing to you, about how there is a substancial dilemma within the concern of computer use.
also, instant messaging and email is the main comunication system for thousands of people.
it's unhealthy the amount of time he spends online.
that is the last reason why computers have positive effects on people.
you could learn about other places in the world.
people need to get outside and go jogging, play games or ride their bikes.
in the obesity rate has reached an all time high of .
bullying also gets you in trouble when you are caught doing the bullying.
it doesn't matter if someone hates or have hateful things to say about you or your perticular.
i read just last week that someone actolly told her press they it is not fault her over weight.
lastly, computers teach people about faraway places, help social abilities and learn hand-eye coordination.
the screen of the computer in some way with the human brain and if stared at for too long the screen could permenately damage the brain.
so some parents don't see there children pladerize.
with those three palces we already cut down half of the .
should not be censored.
my final point that is to be made is all the costs that come with computers.
when they don't find anything, they will reject you because of your lack of participation.
picture if you will, a hard working business man who lives in the .
wouldn't you much rather your children find out from reading it in a book or magazine or hearing it in a movie or cd?
resently we have been able to use computers in so many helpful ways.
i strongly believe that computers are a very helpful resource that make day to day life easier.
weither computers are helping kids with research for homework, projects and essays or building online stocks to help make buisness grow.
people never want to lose relationships.
i rush over to snach it out of his hands and he gets scared.
computers are ruining us, they deter our social skills, damage our health and cause us to be lazy.
i have an opinion about this and it might not effect everyone in the world but i do hope so.
they are published in many languages.
so that's it; we can get along well without the computers taking over our lives.
computers are very useful to people of the world i bet that the people who make them will make new ones that can go on almost everything.
instead of around with this that can add anything you your computer gives away information they information lead to that and then everthing you have wouldbe gone.
it is not up to libraries wether a book is offensive or bad.
the section should be locked up so children can't get that kind of music.
some think everything should be a little cleaner others think different.
for example, when playing interactive high-paced games, kids get a sense of awareness timing, and hand-eye coordination.
the next year she made captain because she was out training everyday before the big day.
many people have many different thoughts and beliefs.
who know if the person talking to you is really the person you think.
the reasons are to teach hand eye coordination, learn about faraway places, and talk to people online.
but, they have disadvantages.
so you can go on google and find a picture to go with you project.
not only can one converse through the internet, they can also webchat, exchange files and important data, and market and sell items to customers! ""
these are all bad affects computers have, but their not all bad, without them life might be a little harder.
you can learn a lot of new things about other countries.
limit your internet and computer use, all it does is hurt you, theres no gain.
it has a keyborad so it gose faster when you type.
family, say your child is out school day.
to sum it all up i say take them off the shelfs.
with millions of different websites, the internet has endless possibilities.
if an impressionable teenager watches a movies that has offensive language or violent scenes, that teen might act upon what they've seen.
computers truley do have a positive affect on people everywhere without them many things today wouldn't be possible.
on his search my younger brother had found himself a sports illustrated magazine.
they help to stay in touch, they're only going to improve, and the help kids.
it is still an open debate, but, in opinion, censorship should not be done.
drinking and other evil habits.
libraries are fun to go to, but they can contain very offensive thing that can hurt a person's feelings.
in addition, it can help people or students be please consider this in our newspaper.
at my dad's house i do not have a television so i rely on the internet to keep me informed on what is going on in the world.
like , , and !
so then you play more and get addicted.
also, we need to help our environment.
he stays with the nanny till my mother comes back home.
most jobs that pertain to engineering require use of different programs for modeling and drafting.
also it will be easier for that you would not have to worry about bringing your history book with to home.
you can find all good stuff online.
waste her time on whenever is home, when could be going out and spending quality time with the family or out with friends.
the only clear choice is to offose.
if you could please take the information i have given you and think about it, it would be greatly appreciated
first off computers can bring people together.
, lead singer of the band , said "" is a way to talk to the fans directly ad post updates about upcoming tours and albums.
lastly family and friends.
whenever i see them, i wish if i were a bird and i could also fly like them.
if it's in the teen section, then the person must be mature enough to take this sort of inappropriate matter or just leave it be.
with that limited time, we can't really get out what we need to.
once again, it is rather difficult to use a computer and jump rope at the same time.
although many people would look upon computers on a negative note, the computer allows us to do essential task needed in everyday life.
if an unfortunet event happens an your kid is missing then a computer can help to find him.
there's , , , wovoo, , and many more.
we can also encourage kids to use exercise programs on their computers and video games to improve their health.
like, you could find where the best resturant locations are, the best holers, and even the best tourist spots.
wouldn't you agree that computers have played a huge role in our lifes.
most of my friends parents thier children get away with everything.
if i am standing in the check out line i see the people magazines and i find it verry offensive!
in the present circumstances, the future of postmen is not bright.
my second main reason to why using the internet is good because if your a , you can go online to check what you have for each subject.
i believe computers are the best idea, since pouring gasoline on pancakes.
to kill a mochinburd was also a book that a lot of people called offensive and i can see why.
not only dose it have a good effect on people it also effects companies places and governments.
i love music without it i'm not quite sure where i would be in this world.
computers are very helpful, especially today with everything going on in our world.
like we went to a hot exotic place, mom looked it up to see what we should pack to go there.
arguements over censorships have gone back and forth for years without really making much prgress at all.
this technology can help you more than it can hurt you.
you can instantly talk to people and catch up with them.
each book out there has an explanation, a title and a reason to be read.
the serves many functions.
another person not and think its offencive at all.
so unless we censore the internet to certian.
also, the internet keeps you up to date on things going on in the world.
do you like encouragement?
this can be helpful to learn about places you didn't even know existed.
it was a chocolate cake, with juicy cherries on the top.
and you type in ""the most romantic spot in somers"" should come up with a bunch of spots.
""i have seen as definite decline in family enrollment.
although there is a way we van help the plagorism.
another reason is, that it maybe snowy, or the library is closed.
i imploor you that computer technology has a strong positive effect on people.
no books will exzist and this world would be terrible without books.
the amazing and easy way to buy food without leaving your house.
they sit and want message their frends day.
computers are also fun.
people are mixed in to these machines they become anti-social, don't do homework, potentially fail the unit and reappeat the grade.
this topic about censorship in libraries is a diffitcult one because everyone has different views on things in life.
he returned to india and took part in the indian freedom movement.truth and non-violence were his great weapons.
rather than socializing and just spending time with family and friends, computer addicts choose to sit on their butts talking and gaming away.
these are the reasons why people shouldn't spend so much of their time on a computer.
you miss them alot but you can always see them to them or type to them to let that sad feelings melt away for a little bit.
what if the library is closed if you do go, then you wasted some time.
you can also got a look into space.
in conclusion, computers are an incredible piece of equipment that should be valued and not taken away.
there are many kinds of books not all book will be bad or affend people.
please , turn off the computer.
the views i used to have would be gone.
dear local newspaper, 's benefit society imensely.
so dont make the wrong choice, and appreciate and use all this computers have to offer.
they could have never used one before, but then they learned how easy it was.
i believe this is a great thing!
censoreship is a great tool, if used right
first off, having a computer teaches you to have better hand-eye coordination.
big cabinets are kept all around the library.
lastly it allows you to talk to people you love that are far away.
it can really make your family closer, because you talk more, with your realitives, and with friends.
clearly, computers don't supply that.
watching videos or tweeting a friends.
i think that more kids should start interesting with family and friend more often.
i hope you understand this better.
for example would rather spend her day on the computer than enjoying the amazing nature we have around us.
what ever happened to grounding them from going to hang out with their friends or just playing outside?
finally all the libraries have to do is exile these articles to certain areas of the libraries and slap a warning on them.
one reason i think this is because people need exercis.
having computers really allows us to reconect to these we have lost.
finally, the reason why computers are so important is because keeps people in touch.
he just sit in front of his computer and do nothing.
everyone is entitled to their own opinion about certain materials.
some people use the computer to make music.
by the teacher giving that assignment he/she is giving the student the ability to explore out side of always writing.
i believe that children should have the right to know about some things but not all.
that childish innocence disappears when they hear songs about money, sex, and abuse.
they can show the other side of they story that they didn't say in the book.
over the past years these numbers have headed south due to tha advance in technology.
these criminals prey on kids.
in this economy, i know we all could benefit from not having to pay rental fees for movies and big prices for your exams or playstation games.
take for example your newspaper.
computers are very good for our society because they are kids in tracking hand-eye coordination to kids & adults.
there are hundreds of websites that will let you watch it for free.
until they reach an age of maturity and responsibility to make their own decisions, they let the outside world decide what is best.
in my opinion i think that some books probably should be removed from the shelves if some of the books arew found offensive.
although some people think that computers have a negative impact on our day-to-day life, i disagree.
well, why don't you go out and buy a computer to play with?
you see men walking into a library empty handed and walk out carrying armfuls of books, magazines, movies, and other media.
even two year olds need to interact with other two year olds.
all we did was take the pictures, upload them to his laptop, and then we added captions to all of the pictures.
if something is found offensive to one person i don't think it should be removed from the shelves.
that shouldn't be going on.
he thinks that some miracle will happen and he will become rich and prosperous.
i would define they rather excersise or go outside instead of being on the computer.
almost everyone has one that they use.
dear , computers are all around us where ever you go.
, computers benefit our society has been a hotly debated topic among citizens in our town.
people have different views, we always have and we always will.
holding free and impartial election ensures democracy in true sense.
if you take things that seem offensive to people; people are going to have a hard time finding any facts or anything they neeed.
also, if a library does have an age restriction on certain materials, then appropriate acts of discipline should be taken for the viewer of said materials.
this will help explain things in a way they can understand it.
when i am on the computer to long i know.
some people are assigned projects for either their job or for school work.
also interacting with your family and friend let you go in new places that you haven't been before and on the computer you can't go there.
my third and final reason is that when people use the computer there.
you physicaly have to get up and move.
so instead i just jumped on my computer but not really jump on but any way so i went on the and guess what!
another example is the games that people are playing.to me, the computer games are one of the biggest problems.
the internet gives information on anything possible.
he speaks softly to his patients.
this is the harvesting season.
i would only go on for a little bit to talk to your friends.
i think that we should not even censor the content because i feel like that is making people wanting to know why they censored it in the first place.
out of all the things that need to be censored the library is not one of them.
it is very important for human beings to be socialy active.
i barely talked to anyone unless it was through email.
one reason is you can book places that you want to go or the sights you want to see.
not traveling outdoors deprives our body an important .
computers are great.
fortunately, exposed the horrific processes that took place in the industry and the government stepped in and solved the problem.
i have noticed my hand get neater and i can catch a balls with ease now.
because it's rely important to have hand-eye.
this activity what , they monitor, lets you at , everyday, since he comes home and plays on the computer and more time exercising.
people need to leave the computer and do something else like ride a bike or play a sport.
i always use these websites when i am stuck in math or science or in english.
so this is what i i think, my opinion about ""computers"".
yea they have their plus' and negatives hut computers are some what dangerous.
i am a person who supports the advances in technology and believe computers have a positive effect on people, ran benefit people in many ways.
these are some good pros.
a second way to communicate with friend is by , a cheap and easy way to contact friends outside the country.
the help us in many other ways too.
let's say you don't know what time ""'s"" friends birthday party starts, no worrys just ask his mom on !
you also have to spend money on pencils and other writting suppplies.
readers could learn from the books how racism affects people, and why it is wrong.
even though there are the handful out there that don't like those certain books, those books are the ones that are well liked and become famous.
-@caps1, dont think body about computers, because they have impaced our society greatly!
exercise is important to your body and computers are not.
censorhip of these materials is not and never will be the answer.
especially in schools because the teachers don't keep their grades for students in a filing cabinet!
their sole purpose is to induce the buyer to spend more.
however, let me ask you this - have you ever wondered if computers actually ruin the life someonehas?
i wouldn't like to go through all of that trouble of arguing and complaining just becouse of one book.
a local teenage boy, , says.
the products of murder and book-burning have resulted in an emptiness, a void.
you can go online and get pictures, games, videos, music or even directions to a place.
if i owned or worked at a librarie, i would have books, music, movies and magazines that to many people are offensive.
i am the kind of student that enjoys reading a book that interests me.
next, computers allow you to get research done quicker.
this can be a wonderful thing unless used in the wrong way.
katherine paterson, an author, had a good point, also.
once i witnessed such a fight from close quarters.
some people like certain books or media and dislike others.
another thing is a computer allows you to talk online with other people.
i think that computers detach people from reality, create false personas, and has no physical benefit.
or if you have a vocabulary exam you can find the definitions fast and easy on the computer.
children are reading these books and thinking it is okay to act like their favorite character or acting like their favorite movie star in a movie.
libraries are for people to check out books or other sources, and not to remove books or other source off the shelves.
so dont remove books just because a couple people might find it offensive, take a vote to decide.
he brings his cattle with him.
wrong, i'm afraid out of kids surveyed go home and use computers to retrieve the answers to homework.
explicit, or eighteen or older books, movies, magazines or music be placed in a back room or simply on another side of the library.
when you need to write a letter to some one it might take days for them to got it.
unfortunately, trees are being cut indiscriminately.
when your history teacher assigns you a page essay on the civil war and you have no idea what happend in the civil war.
its not true and it sure isn't right.
you could use and keep everything you need to know in a nice and fashion.
also helps speical learn how to read and spell.
these children share what they have with their friends, and these other children start doing the same things.
also there are other sources you can use to conact family and friends.
google.com has so much information about almost any topic you can think of.
these technological devices also create and sustain communication between family members and friends.
one being chating, or talking online to friends, and family.
then what will you do?
if people don't get the exercise they need to stay healthy then they might have heart problems, and many more serious conditions.
this oppurtunity allows you to imerse yourself in different cultures and religions and would make it easier to relate to people to in faraway lands.
computers can be used in schools to help teach students about new things.
now a days mango fruits are very expensive.
i typed in nature parks on a search engine, and sister is back to traveling all over .
in my opinion, i believe computers have a very negative impact not only to adults but mostly to students too.
when kids get involved in drugs and alchoale that will mess up their whole life.
for example, there is .
there are alternitives for communication.
dear of the , i strongly believe that computers effect us in a positive way.
your a highschool dropout because you cant keep up with the class.
we need to try and watch what our children are listening to and watching.
when talking to your friends why bother talking to them on the computer when you can just get together and go do something fun?
computers have helped catch law enforcement for a little bit more than years.
there is so much talk these days how we are the fatest country.
without this coordination, people would not survive.
to start off with, kids have homework assignment right?
although, i don't think we should get the computer either.
he took the help of another bus driver.
one, because there are young children that read books throughout the library, and two because books and magazines due to racism and ect.
that is why i think that computers help develop a smarter brain.
because of this, even the people who do not wish to view the movie are often forced to see images which they find disturbing.
so now you can see why i believe that such things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
to conclude, i implore you not to try and change the habits of others.
dear : have you ever seen an offensive book on a shelf in a library?
you have nobody and nothing except for your computer, and you've wasted your life away.
grown ups need them to work.
also if your son has a lapttop they're not doing work if that is what you think.
we must play as a team; individual game spoils the chances of victory.
and you and that new friend get along then mabey you and that person could be best friends.
this is not a hard decision to make.
maybe the computer prevents us from face-to-face communication, but it's a common necessity.
after reading these, i believe i won't ever do 'offensive' things.
people connect with each other through the computer.
the character was using profanity and talking about sex the whole time.
with computers we have enough for each kid in the class.
it's almost like they are preparing us for the worst, but are hoping for the best.
so, as i know you can all see computers don't have a positive impact on our society.
however, personally i feel that this constant usage of computers has a negative impact on people.
would have gotten a - for the project.
while people can learn about faraway places from the safety of their houses, can also the computer for communication purposes.
who would have thought computers can have effect for people.
in doing so; an author's freedom of speech is violated and the greater meaning of the work is disregarded.
one offensive to a person not be offensive to another.
looks at us and smiles, then he pulls out a pamplet from shoulder bag and hands it to the girl behind the counter.
censorship 'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other chldren have taken off the shef.
i love pigeons.
everyone is different.
cell phones provide calling usage of course, but they also allow you to text someone.
this is a problem all over america, that is technology keeps advancing and advancing the youth will become very unhealthy.
and get a college education without leaving your home.
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf- then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.
i think computers are very good ideas, cause it's good when you got to pay your bills too.
my second reason is that people go on or or use web cams.
even if we buy a movie and whatch it at home he won't whatch it with us he's on the computer.
pets on the other hand need you.
computers are common by now, but people argue rather they are really needed on our society.
thats the beauty of computers and technology letting you do alot of things with only using on device.
i know that alot of children don't have computers, internet or essy, or maybe their got allowed online.
once you give something to the internet it is lost forever.
for example, whenever i forget homework or have about schoolworks i can reach my peers and get help in a matter of.
and exercising who said that everyone need exercise in the persons already skinny what does need to exercise.
my mom uses facebook and she found friends she hasn't seen since the early 's!
replied ' wasn't what i expected.
you can even earn a college degree on the computer!
also now they have something new called formspring which can let you be anomous and people go on yours and just say horrible things.
firstly, it is important to note, during our economic crisis, that the development and manufacturing computers creates thousands jobs!
last of all, in my opinion if they don't want it they don't have to have it.
it all depends on the persons own interests and choices.
popular sites like , , , and so on make a good way to keep in touch with friends from your past, or even make new ones.
also if it is offensive to women or men then it should be taken off of the shelfs.
in western countries, people know the value of punctuality.
magazines could be offensive by the words used, such as slang words, cursing words, and violent words.
there are many people and places in the world that you still have to learn about.
i think not.
i know i'm trying to they are great but they do have there down side.
also save your to save the trip out there.
so teenagers think, ' if they can do it, so can i!'
microsoft , and other electronic messaging systems are a superior form of communication, these let us speak to the world!
this creates hate inside of their hearts, all because censorship was not used.
if a child does not have a computer at home this will.
there's stuff thats bad like you cant really stop them.
people miss things while on the computer.
this is sad!
some people who have friends far away can use a computer to talk to them.
it helps them store data, files, and important information.
thousands of professions require the limitless knowledge of the internet, and computers continue to advance and redefine our way of living.
finally, the internet helps people connect.
i had studied the whole day.
it's also a great way to keep in touch with long distance family or friends.
dear , your workers wake up in the , they stretch their right muscles and put on their puzzy slippers.
another great way to learn online is going to websites that have sample math problem and print the sheet out to practice.
so don't make yourself a traget.
for starters computers help us recive/give .
i'm sure being a amazing newspaper company, you could use a way of easy comunication.
there, every thing is so stereotyped.
that they don't attention to life itself.
what is appropriate in libraries these days?
also, the things we read everyday are what make us who we are so there, in fact, should not be less books but more.
she took offense to that?
almost every well-written book that you will find on the shelf has something that should be censored.
probably your family are worried about people spending their time everyday in the computer.
dear , i am expressing my concern to you about the side effect new technologies, such as computers have an humans.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries because many people will overuse their authority and most people wouldn't want to come back to the library.
one important aspect in why censorship is becoming controversial is; it takes away our freedom of speech.
i believe the use of computers are a necesity for social interaction, homework, research, and are a great source of entertainment on a rainy day.
you could find a big tree and build a treehouse or tireswing with your family.
i think of how the artist feels.
that is said to be bad but really isnt; social networking.
the statistics that came out from drivers.com the rate of accidents has decreased over the past ten years.
now that you have heard all of reasons for why computers are helpful in society i should rap things up.
and being fat also has a negative effect.
most of the people who do that are the people who are mostly on the computers.
the internet on computers is unsafe.
if everyone else starts taking books off the shelf, we have no books left.
otherwise your busines will fail.
if they wake up in the morning and start being grumpy dont blame them the computer had them stay up late.
i think this because .
one last reason computers are beneficial for our society is because they can actually help you prepare for future jobs.
what's really great about them is how much you can learn from computers.
he was a kind man.
your town have a gym, community center, or a library.
so it can stay without water and food for many days.
everything would be off the shelf if we were to pull offensive materials off the shelf.
now we can look up directions to places we dont or cant find.
another big debate that many people have are with female and male opinions.
or if they think people are neglecting their families have people work less so they can go home and see their families.
almost everyone who has a gets a blast surfing the internet.
now i would like to the time to talk about is mentally when you go to learn.
they are an incovenienc and there are way to of them.
and allow he or she to learn alot more in every day life.
to much time on the computer takes away knowledge and takes away time with family and friends.
computers, are very popular these days.
a lot of people have classes online.
the main word they are removing from this book is nigar because some people fined this word very ofinceve to their race.
firstly, computers are greatly changing the way people communicate.
what do you think about it?
however, there is a reason that book is still talked about today.
this is why to continue forward with computers, and technology for the future.
sometimes my little naughty brother tries to pluck the flowers.
statistics show thas of families have waste their college money in computers because the family thinks they need a computer.
he listens to my problems very patiently and helps me to solve them.
'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our chilren or any other children have taken off the shelf.
we learn to look for and understand deeper meanings.
in other state's people don't have enternet service, or they can't use computer.
it depends on the person.
a computer has to be programmed as per the requirement either to guide a missile or to write poetry.
censorship lead to the disrespect of other's opinions, and disrespect is never a beneficial thing.
so watch what you put online, there is always some way to find what you had posted even once deleted.
a few monthes after her last arrest she came back to the where she could deal with the laws.
reasons why is if you have kids and they go on your computer you have at home cause them addiction, be inaproprite, and could be exspensive.
the positive effects of computers on people are infinite, but we need to learn not to take them for granted.
and if yo udon't have unlimited minutes and you went to talk with someone for a long time, you'd be wasting valuable minutes and money!
dear editor, i agree with having computers in our homes.
another example would be the series.
i mean, it was something very new to me; almost like an adventure.
computers in fact have many down-sides to them.
it used to be that traveled very slowly, , we can know about it only a few minutes after it happened, thanks to computers.
lets us talk to our friends after school and plan what we are going to do that night.
then finding some one to move your stuff for a fair price.
i will now like to elaborate my reasons further.
you could be able to find what college a famous actor went to in a matter of seconds.
they should read works by , such as , which essentially tells the story of success and what seperates the average from the great.
and in person, you can't.
dear newspaper, i strongly agree that computers have effected people in a very positive way.
computer can be used to comunicate with each other.
it is a conveinent communication device, an effective way to learn social, and life skills, and is no huge major source of addiction.
i didn't know a lot about the history of so i sat down at my desk and turned on my computer.
you can't, you have to use a computer.
hope to talk to you soon.
wheni look at these amounts and addit to what i know about computers in other schools, is clear to me that computers have helped the education system.
you also learn more thing about place any thing.
you could do by a click of a button.
i hope you listened to my opinion on computers and i also hope you continue to tell people how great and important computers are.
just the other my friend went to the library and checked out a book about the culter.
these days it is very popular.
a better word for that would be they censor you.
instead of going to the library and hoping that theres a book on him.
everyone loves him.
the movie makes fun of the bad guys.
people can talk to there friends on facebook or .
computer are also helpful for applying for like you can look for you like.
letters were too expensive and took too long, but email and skype provide us with a great alternative.
that candy could have been the guest favorite.
be in-touch with far-away relatives.
if the books etc are offensive then, the who think they are shouldn't get them.
helps to maintain strong bones.
studies have shown that since the invention of computers young people especially have been gretting less and less physical activity.
fact, children have more friends over the internet then ever.
now what can you do?
kids think that the computers will teach you everything well there wrong because things on the computer can be made up.
it has been bought to mind that people fight about computers to a doubt i think that computers have a positive on people.
when i felt scared, my mother held me tightly.
if that's all they are watching and thinking about then it does not look good for the future.
i feel it is better to play outside with your friends than sitting in a chair playing on the computer.
kids are let onto computers every day and they wonder to the websites that the internet has to offer.
music, books, movies and many others have been questioned either about there apperence or what they say.
on to next subject the expert say were not enjoying out doors, but the over looked something here it is.
so much color is splashed on all eyes and ears on such sights and sounds.
computers can cause people to have a lack of exercise, lack of family and friend time, and lack of enjoying nature.
technology helps and benefits us all in a good positive way.
in fact, computers are so useful and helpful, teachers have taken up using computers in their classrooms.
you have an opportunity to learn about things you like.
my last example is that doctors sometimes say its not good for you to stay on the the computer.
lastly, they should enjoy life.
it is understandable to have a little tone in the with some knowledge within the eyes in a book.
now you ask what about the little kids?
people working in the medicine field, use computers to keep track of all their patients.
it also them like web and design as well as simplier things like management and tougher things like business.
they are going to hear them till thier grave.
now you think we should do about computers.
we were outside every single day, even if we were just staring into the clouds.
it will not give you a job or school education.
there is also the instance where a parent would have the child check out a specific movie with a rating.
you gain it as you get older and acheive practive.
have you ever noticed how much bad materials are out there for childeren to get ahold of?
this causes you grow apart from your family your kids pick up bad habbits and do the opposite of what you want them to do.
i went to the computer for.
so, she just looks up the definitions on the computer instead of taking the time to find them in the dictionary.
an online poll was put out on which asked how people regularly talk to friends, or family.
however, isn't the only person who thinks the computer is convinent.
first off, no one is the same, what might be bad to someone else can be good to another person.
and all the trouble it puts people through.
dear , i understand this focus situation, the effect of computers or our society people's reactions are less than about them & my question to is who?
helping you with anything.
i love it immensely.
being able to talk to relatives from far away places is very important.
there is no need for a computer in your life, but don't speak for everyone.
some people do not think that computers have an effect onour society but i for one think computers have a very positive effect on people.
get their food and bring if to their computer so they don't miss out on anthing family and friends are very important.
in conclusion i think that computers are a good part of everyday life and that there not bad.
this is why it should stop because it damage peoples minds.
kids to a certain age deserve to know whats going to happen in the real world when they grow up and start a life.
computers benefit the society more than anymore will ever know!
in conclusion, computers take time away from real-life, nature and your hobbies.
when i got down stairs she told me i had to write it so i got a because she could not read what i wrote.
another negative outcome is that they start becoming more and more distant from their loved ones.
a computer holds millions of ways criminals can commit a crime.
dear local newspaper, has been a discussion around the for decades now.
it holds tons of great information.
they cannot ever make on the ones of a paper properly!
we took a joy ride on the camel.
you could do that too!
it's an public library that has materials on display for the public!
so before you say, ""computers are ruining our society.
he got me admitted to my school on an auspicious day.
for instince stop & shop they have computers to check out people and the lines are already long enough.
we should be aware to prevent another event like that from happening.
if not for computers this program wouldn't have been as succesful and beneficial as has become.
now movies are a lot of fun to watch.
in conclusion, if there are books, music, movies, or magazines that offend you, simply do not check them out.
once i found an instant messager or webcam application on the internet, it was very easy to talk to my friends.
picture how many parents are upset and how yours would be too to find that their child has been bullied to death, it really hurts them.
this is why the libraries should remove all this books, movies, magazines, and even music!
thirdly, the people who are still in school have to write papers, do reports, but with-out computers.
most of these books give a prospective on real life stories and be able to help someone cope and realize that they are not alone.
you hear them everyday even if you don't want to, but you do.
they say they dont have to be depressed or thinking about something that made them mad that day.
sports are a great way to exercise and practice hand eye coordination.
once again i belive that computers make a good effect on people, good for connecting with friends and family.
yes, media is everywhere.
even though to say, people who are on the computer often are shy in person.
another alternation is to ask teachor if she/he could leand you a class text book.
i could go on and on, on so many more things that computers do for us, but there are not enough pages.
dear newspaper, i often think about the effect of technology on humans.
there is still much we dont know about them.
on the brightside has even produced many jobs.
so, live it.
traveling according to sir francis bacon, the famous essayist, is education.
another major problem of computers is talking or chatting with strangers.
from hard, cold text, one cannot decipher subtle connotations or wit.
i have a friend who lives in , but i cant contact her with my phone because are doesnt me and her talk on all the time.
or what if you liked the choice of what the place had, but someone else didn't?
it's just that simple.
well actually my opinion goes half and half because if the movievs and librarys are inapropreate then aldults should be the only ones to buy them.
do you use computers for any of these reasons?
i have aunts that i cannot live without who are strong base who i cant live without talking to for a day.
dear , one day being able to talk to anyone in the world by simple pushing a button.
exercise is so important now a days, and people do not get enough of it.
the computer makes life so much easier that to take it away would cause stress and less time for other important activities.
also you can even play video games on your computer.
they also miss out on family dinners and movie night.
most importantly my final reason why you shoudnt let your child play the computer for more than a hour a day.
pc and start seeing nature!
besides sending virtual e-mail to people, because of the computer, you see them face to face!
now you get no say in the matter because the supporters of obama dont want you to.
i think it is a bad thing to have them on the shelf in a library.
so why do they keep releasing and publishing books if it offends certain groups?
or those who will do anything just to spend time on the computer.
i think that computers are good because of these reason.
as a student i know that kids use computers all the time.
you can go to a baseball game, park, or movies anything that will get you away from that computer.
where would we be without them?
whether that's information, games, or online friend chatting websites.
furthermore, be typing and reading at the same time, we have trained or eyes to do many things similar to playing the piano.
people can also use computers to type and save paper.
the person has to eat so, basicly they eat and sit back down at the computer.
it is one of my most prized possessions.
it might ben their parents, grandma, grandpa, aunts, uncles or it might ben one of their best friends.
you can also enter chatrooms with people who share a common interest with you.
than again it could be legitimate reasons to be on the computers spending as much time as you want.
an easy sensation"" said time magazine.
imagine what else could happen by staying of computers.
and children need to get away from their computers.
or if a student has to do research for an essay she can find the information easily on the computer.
but if you wanna hear more than you will just have to read on.
recently my grandmother moved down to and i can only talk to her on the phone.
most people use these web pages to research for papers, trips, or even just to find out random information.
someone can not be frustrated with a novel written years ago because it has something offensive in it by todays standards.
the internet is a very useful tool to everyone.
there's storing deviced helping us get better a lot learning a forign language and getting information.
if you had a small business that just started out you can make a brochure to help advertising.
whether its doing a class project, practicing for a computers class or exchanging buisness ideas, computers are a big help to society.
the last reason is that kids get bad eye sight from it.
this school is very different from my previous one.
in conclusion i dont think that the computer has a bad effect after your done reading thise i hope you agree with me.
his head struck against the ground.
by using the computer, people are not getting many benefits.
we ended up having to turn off the movie, because one parent found it inappropriate.
they also wonder how other countries are doing goverement wise or even economic (stocks).
calling somebody is risky because they could not be able to ansuer for any reason.
haven't seen your cousin or just want to see them?
mainly it falls on parents on what content you want your kids looking at.
so i want you to think about some effects about computers and your opinions about computers and compare them to my opinions?
the way i see it is family, and computers are always going to be there but at the same time which one is more important.
this is another big concern for people in .
many people are staying inside on their laptops to talk to a person rather than doing it face to face.
in my opinion that would be a stupid thing to do, because it takes away the authentisity and effectiveness out of the book.
but my opinion on the magazines, and movies could vary.
also, rather than talking to their parents about a problem, kids are going to websites like """" or "".com"".
there are just too many things that can be taken offensively.
everyone has the right to read and write what they want.
you sit on your butt all day and scream to your mom to get you a drink of water, or some dinner. ""
well, i believe that computers are a necesity to an average person.
they are helpful, can be used to give education, and they can be used to interact with another.
if you don't exercise you wont enjoy the outdoors.
also with out computers you would not be able to weigh you good as fast as we do now in grosery stores we would have to hand weigh it.
( the parents) you realy want your kids to be lazy and on the computer all days or you want your kids to excersize and get healthier?
trees provide us timber to make furniture.
that's when it clicked to her that be why her mother never let her check the mail.
just because use those internet websites doesn't mean can't go outside and enjoy activities.
so far i've said computers are entertaining, informational and make things less stressful.
people are gaining weight, which is already a problem in the because of unnecissary technology.
if they do and they think its offensive then thats their fault for reading it when they know its gonna offend them.
dear local newspaper, have you ever been running late to a party and just realize you don't have the directions to the person's house?
maybe we don't want to learn about something the teacher is teaching us about.
does it drive us crazy that they do?
each person has different morals so who is to say what should and should not be in a library?
this is why i think computers have a negative effect on people.
typing skills are a great example.
on the , everything is much easier.
technology is like a train are you going to live it.
technology lets everyone explore new topics.
for example, .
i say no!
says about the internet site .
& out of students have computers.
so do you over your own child.
censorship is a disgrace and should not be forced in libraries.
without computers my class & i couldn't have get it done without the computers.
supervision of children and young adults are not always looked upon, and some of these people might not even know what they are checking out.
computers are very helpful for people.
also, places.
there has been a debate weather computers benefit society or hurt society.
do not go to a place that provides something that is not your age group, instead go to the place that looks like you belong.
it can take away from lesson we could learn and are education that we need to be successful in life
people will start eating too much and so they will become lazy.
but how were they put to use has little evidence.
also computers make it faster to reserch topics because looking for a book in those big libraries can be stressfull, not to mention dificult.
of all people found out about their job on a computer.
this happens often especially if you are playing a fun game with many levels.
many people have many different opinions on what should and should not be in libraries.
so let me express my love for computers to you.
he grows paddy to give rice to the people.
lastly, computers make life less stressful.
you can cut and paste pictures for a project you might have due.
you get your information from books, and encyclopedias but it is rare that you always have time, to get to a local library.
do not put out books in public that can show the sexually side of humanbeings.
it's clear that computers can do just about anything want than to do.
there are many people that think certain books, music, movies, and magazines are offensive and should be taken off the shelves at libraries.
i will say though, if you are old enough to live by yourself than you can look at whatever you want.
it's not the authors fault, they write what they feel and what is the truth.
sometimes might happen to your eyes because your steading looking at the computer.
thank you for taking the time to listen to my opinion and i hope you agree.
they also mentioned now its a good hands on-eye coordination on adults and students.
i could teach our children stuff that they are not yet ready to learn about.
so people see that and there like i wanna try this somtime.
out of students that they spend more time indoors than out.
then i took a round of the platform.
most importantly they give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
a video is "" ,"" a young boy gets bitten by his younger brother.
it's called self control and some people have it some people don't.
yes we do, so we should do the same thing with books
for every given case of a goup of people who do not agree with the terms of a certain content, the alternate group must be considered as well.
in the states also be to read about , , and how we have a wonderful state.
also that everyone is good people, and things happen that people don't like but its life.
the economy is very bad, but you can look for jobs.
i mean its just a book it dose not really matter.
so as you can see that why i say you can through the computer.
i think computers are a great of technology because of the information they can provide.
i wouldn't i understand that you are a person who likes to keep up with the current events so why not use your computer more often?
one day i even heard a little quoting lines from the '.'
on the internet the family could find the numbers, the and some information about it.
when one book is taken down it only brings other ones into question.
dear , our nain forest growing back, service that takes only a few second, and being able to find practically any answer to any question.
there are more reasons how people are being affected by computers, but these are the most common.
in opinion, computers have a positive impact on the world around us.
i'm going on now.
computers on your desk starring at you and you sampled to go on.
those who suffort advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people, but there are negative effects too.
who doesn't own them right?
people want to be able to do more than just talk.
lastly, computer and in technology can allow people to chat.
also, expert say that children in the throughout the world learn more from the computer then from a textbook, or hearing information from a teacher.
certain readings, and types of entertainment have already begun to disappear one by one.
my stepfather needs to get of the computer!
adults who go to work everyday really need to use computers!
if you really do not want your child to be of any part of it then take actions to do such.
since technology has been a part of my life, my two daughters have not visited their grand parents in over years!
you can also look at maps of the whole world and zoom all the way to birds eye view.
some games allow you design and play as a character you created.
efficiency is another powerful time –saver.
if i had a problem with the restriction levels at the library i just would stop going.
imagine a world without computers chaos in war, even the cluter on your desk.
there's more negative than positives in having a computer.
such as friends, family, and nature.
floods, however, have always brought out the best in men.
if you have for your electricity bill year when you didn't have computer, it might go high to for your bill that now you have the computer.
books should be left uncensored so they can be enjoyed by whoever wants to read them.
there are snakes that are not poisonous.
in addition, computers can help people create websites so their their buisness is more noticeable.
thank you for giving me the oportunity to say my opion and what i think.
responsible towns people are.
these types of things i think should be taken off the shelves everywhere!
the author probably didnt mean for the book or magazine to be offensive.
it teaches hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people.
without these computers, we will one again have to resort to snail mail, whcih makes instant communication telephones, we would have no other way to talk.
you can listen to music instead of walking up to the radio and turning it on.
an example would be that a book about the anatomy of the human body does not belong in the childrens section.
this is a book that at my age, i should of never came across.
we can easily avoid this by telling every body these known facts.
you say something to the parrot, it listens to it carefully and learns it well
now computers are very popular.
it gives us the ability to learn more about what we are learning in school and maybe the ability to learn new things too.
i cannot fully grasp the concept in my head of hiding materials from the public.
the library would have books of all kinds.
not the best idea i say, people in the have actsets to a .
at the same time other people say that we should not remove it from the book shelves.
if you can't act your age than you shouldn't be in the grade you are in.
i am a citizen of the and i believe that the censorship on the material in libraries is not good but it could be better.
if it's raining out and nothing to to the here games.
we are too connected as a society.
it could help develop a smarter brain in many ways.
lets get onto first point, being social.
it's crucial to our health that we get active.
this was must end now.
many teenagers go and meet someone they met online and end up getting raped or killed.
he brought his laptop with him so he was ask to video chat with his family.
that helps people a lot because not everyone likes to be on the phone all day (me) so that their of communication.
i think that things that are bad should be removed from the selves and placed some where else.
if they have a complaint then they should just keep it to themselves and not ruin the chance for others to check them out.
its eather they want to them or they dont.
to the , this day in age, computer technology rules the world.
these reasons are knowledge, different sections of the library, and freedom.
the distraction of offensive materials are not needed in a library.
it was difficult to pass the time.
buisnesses are not the only need for computers.
their is a different type of comunication for every person.
i know that in my family ""e-mail"" is what makes it all work.
it does this with the mouse you have to be very coordinated to be good at the games on the computer.
it has two big headlights.
there is almost no way to escape it and all of their anxiouty really starts to get to them.
he organized a campaign to get his country free from the british.
censorship of books based on the content should not be allowed in libraries.
there are many useful devices that help us live our every day lives.
dear local newspaper, i agree that computers have an effect on people.
furthermore, they allow you to expand your knowledge.
my last reason is that if you're going on a long journey away from home you need to now the way.
some people use computers for buissness.
well now many things can be ordered offline.
most importantly people should become aware of themselves or people they might know or might know, knowing this putting into negative situations at them in harm.
i don't believe that certain books, music, magzines, or movies should be removed.
in conclusion, computers seemed like the best thing that hit earth, but if you really, really think about , 's not.
i think that if there are books, music , movies, or magazines that we should have a right to take it off the shelf if its offensive.
many books in this section include works that have a dark or graphic theme with subjects that are inappropriate for younger children.
due to the fact that different books are intended for different age groups, libraries have different sections filled with a variety of authors.
dear of the , , a majority of the population will use any type of computer at least once a day.
information, communication, and life skills are all important to our human nature.
think about it, what would you say to your child who just learned a few curse words from a place you expected to be a safe enviroment?
we read them.
muny of my friends have also found this.
your personality also change with your social life and routine.
aside from the positive uses of the internet, the computer also contains progams that can benefit us just as well.
the person recieves it quicker and can answer ina more timely manner.
she can quickly type up an essay or research a science topic instead of doing painstakingly slow using an old fashion method.
second, a computer is a great way to comunicate.
the messages behind said 'offensive' material could be quite strong and though the author might be long gone, his or her message could live on for decades
facebook, , , and are the most common places to find teens.
if these reasons don't convince you i dont know what will!
technology and new information is so vast its extremely difficult to censor.
most people would agree that when you have a computer you can just book a hotel online of going all the way to the hotel.
what if something you liked ,was of an offence to another , does that make it all the more wrong for you to like it?
alot of teens get cranky and the become node and neisty to their parents because they are testing to.
if there is snow on the ground, and people are unable to get their newspaper, they can read it online.
it really close make things go faster.
dear , i believe that computers have a positive affect on people who use them.
i have read many books that have inappropriate words in them.
my parents even say that for over thirty years they have never had a single issue or risk of safety when using a computer, and neither have i. "
there are many kinds of books, music, movies, and magazines in one library.
people had can't get off their write a hand written report or drive to the store to buy something.
does your neighborhood seem to be locking children?
being off the computer feels better and is better.
another topic in the is the freedom of choice.
without computers, communication between others would be very hard.
to whom it concern, to many people it is so much fun but then they become so obsessed that they can lose so much that they loved.
computers help people with anything they need.
we are making them think that we don't care what they are involved in, but thats not true.
computers can teache hand-eye coordination because of typing.
it's only of people with computers that do it!
some reasons i feel this way are because of the social limit computors are putting on people and the amount of time people spend on them.
don't pay them no mind at all.
another subject is the movies that are coming out in world.
both the adults and children get to find books that fit them and don't offend them.
computer's dont alway take you away from the important people or things in life.
or how small they are still small.
dear , i believe that computers are one of the most useful things that we can have.
if an author spent time creating a story, it should be appreciated, and should not put on a list of no-nos.
well if not then when you are not busy you should try it.
most importantly, computers create communication between friends and family calling up to talk to someone isn't always an option, so computers are the better choice.
also you can find free work out videos.
some people try to focused on the computer if theres something importent they have to do.
those type of books are what older people like and they are very interesting.
when it comes to censorship i believe that very few things should be removed.
chat and see them.
can get alot of detailed information from thousands of sites.
as humans we are given certain freedoms, and one of those freedoms is the freedom of press.
young children should not be exposed to those things yet.
well i have.
business people need computer a lot of course mobile computers thats why they have laptops.
it's your choice to make on all that, but if you shelter them too long they'll never have a good life.
dear , i strongly sudjest that people should spend more time away from the computer.
dear , people haved used a computer to learn new things such as cultures.
but tv has a lot of disadvantages too.
and noteveteing time into school because of computers.
the result of this could be very unpleasent.
books even be inappropriate for little kids.
so it would be the person's fult if they forget not the computers.
lastly, you can see pictures of your family.
yes computers do benefits society, they can give you alot of knowledge, make new friends and to just let kids be kids.
mr. david is a wealthy businessman.
it also helps with bullying; cyber bullying.
i hope you take this into concideration.
of course, when it comes to family and friends, the time is stified by the computer.
but to avoid confusion, we all divide responsibilities.
to communicate with my family in i use a webcam.
for example, my grandparents live in .
that mother also might not be able to get out and go shopping.
my third and final reason is that people will makes fun of you if you sit inside all day don't come out because your on the computer.
later in life, when you want to get a job, you won't be able to be accepted because you will not sound knowledgable.
students develop the qualities of self-help in a hotel.
i can also remember going with my grandparents.
therefore, he should prepare notes regularly at home.
computers are usfull when trying to comunicate or find friends.
by now you know that computers aren't really giving off a positive effect.
for example, suggest family.
best of all, when you forget to write your home work down, you can go online, and ask one of your friend what it was.
they have to be revised by editord, and are written by people who definitely know what they're talking about!
my opinion on movies however are a little different.
chatting on the computer is great.
some computers are used for entertainment.
to censor our libraries is to cripple our children from the knowledge they need to fully understand our shadowed and fragmented world.
most kids spend most of their time on the computer or on or .
lastly, censorship is simply unjust because without it there is a better chance to discuss and attempt to describe stories that target a vast crowd of people.
going outside leaves you with a lot of fun activites.
i personally, think libraries hold so many unique things that if somethings were offensive to people then i'd understand why everyone would want it to be removed.
homework is the most important, because it'll help you really well through life.
those countries whose citizens are hard-working make great progress.
computers are a great way to get up-to-date information about the world.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us,' is a quote from author, katherine paterson.
there are many people in the world who are slasher film freeks.
many adults begin to realize that childhood friends seem to fade away as time goes on.
i would say that the computer is a good effect ion people when used this way.
also some people arent getting fresh air not getting out for a walk in a park.
the reader is smart enough to know what he or she can or cannot handle.
you, the parents, are heading to work while your child goes to and enters into the wonderful learning center computers.
computers are obviously unfit for our bodies in many ways.
after that i get too distracted on this addicting game called "" .""
everyone reads different kind of books, whether its mystery, romance, or bible based books, people read.
guss what you don't need a phone, why not use your computer to call people sensa its free.
dear , you use a computer a lot right?
it is common sense that those powerplants burn their respective fuels to create electricity.
we should respect him.
most importantly you can talk to friends!
instead of sitting down on the computer all day.
some people are overweight because they eat and then do not exercise after.
last, but not least would be .
you can make time limts for yourself so that you don't spend your whole time on the computer.
this is called censorship.
for example, did you know that on average, an adult will make more if they know how to type good, and fast?
you can learn about or.
these are just a examples how moderation could be very helpful to everyone.
when your on the computer your not talking to people and becoming social and you could loose connections with you friend and your family.
this can cause other kids to have a low self esteem, and cause dangerous events in the future.
all that is doing is giving readers less material to read.
first of all the hand-eye cordination of the user is mostly improved over a period of time, which helps withe learning musical instruments.
i strongly think that does benifit society in many ways!
my aunt and uncle live in and they were just blessed with a beautiful baby boy, .
through todays new technology, peoples lives are made much easier.
by far the best thing ahead the computer is the fact that many teachers use them to teach with and show videos.
so what if some expert think people are spending to much time on the computer and not exercising, enjoying natures and interacting with family and friends.
his mother is a teacher.
more people don't enjoy doing some things now because of the computer.
well you should know the computer is helpful in many ways, such learning, entertainment, and even weight.
movies are good about it though.
some people say that you can learn about animals and plants on a computer, but there is nothing like really being outside with them.
after dinner my father tells me stories.
all of the books that were censored were meant to be enjoyed.
and you can go on inapropriate websites.
it be as little as 'blonde jokes' or as major as saying something about someone's sexuallity.
in total thats a least mins but my computer would only take min sec about.
not only do they mistake fantacy and reality as the same thing, but you lose interaction with your friends and loved ones.
this book has many issues when it comes to political correctness.
after the train ride, we sat in a restaurant and had our lunch.
book hotels and airliners, they even allow us to interact with our friends.
before you know if, it's the day for the family get together and your line an hour you amke excuse not to come.
says "" year kids pass my class by typing and if they then they would all flunk!""
they narrated the story of their home.
listen to what ever music, read what ever books or magazines that you want.
people shouldn't take anything out of libraries because libraries are built for storing things like books, magazines, music, and movies.
the things in this paragraph will be about the content of music,books, magizines, and etc.
speaking of all this i belive just beacuse one book, or one movie makes someone uncomfortable i dont think that you should take that away.
one of my favorite series is the series, by .
these three reasons will show you that computers are a very important asset to our society in the following passage.
so why alter the library just for the children, when we don't even alter the public for them?
another danger computers have, is anything posted on the internet can be accessed by almost anyone.
‘clean management’ makes the benefits go to all in the from of comforts.
say you don@caps2 have a car.
computers have a great translater applications that are free so, you don't know a language hop on a computer and learn it!
well people have the right to look at what they want, to hear what they want.
maybe it's your religion or culture that keep you from these materials.
put a stop to this right now!
there are too many children that have access to inappropriate materials at the library, but some of it could be useful.
many people want to censor books so their children can not read 'offensive' matterial.
computers are also bad for people like you because when you go on it most teens liketo go on something called myspace.
there are many people on the computer and if must be stopped.
hopefully your friend didn't and you can just ask them. ""
we get in trouble if we virbally discrimonate somebody.
when i'm eating breakfast, i check my email and look at the weather.
my resons are many airs the bas stuff like porn.
in some cases, the parent destroys an account on a website or takes a computer away for a certain ammount of time.
thank you for taking time to read i had to say and i hope you take it into concideration.
unfortunately, the negative aspects of this magnificent invention detract from the novelty.
both these things are better for people's body and mind, and one more useful later in life.
like i explained clearly earlier, you aren't forced to watch any of the naughtier movies, so just pick what you want and be happy.
wouldn't you rather your kid looking up information online, then have them guessing and getting it wrong?
i do not know that i would be able to handle it without the ability to do my banking online.""
it even gave websites on the back of the book.
i don't really like robot movie's or any of that crap so that wouldn't be something i'd pick out to watch.
, there you have it, the computer's a great resource for information.
if there werent any computers in the world.
dear local newspaper, this is a letter about how i feel about the effects of computers.
however, a recent study shows that after computers came out, more people have begun to read.
i think libraies should havea set of standards nation wide to set what type of material is good for libraries.
much of this material be considered offensive to certain people.
they might as well get ahead start on it now.
since i play basketball, volleyball and softball, hand eye coordination is extremely important.
having these will make a computer almost perfect!
last sunday a cricket match was played between our school team and the team of s.d.
you need to relax and just take a brake.
when i really wanted a bike i saw my mom end up getting it for my birthday.
then material should be suppervised by my parents.
first, hand eye-coordination is not something that all people have.
some people even go to school over the computer and get a degree in something.
taking away their entertainment would be the same as telling them that they cannot wear the clothes they would like, or drive the car they want.
reason one you loose interaction with people.
people would rather sit at a computer for hours doing wonders of our world.
sometimes people use that feature for bad or inapropriate things.
you just plug it in and it ells you where go.
they forget about it in the way that there so distracted writing or chating or playing that they forget about school.
computers help people in many ways.
now music and movies etc.
, advances in technology will allow people to talk online with other people.
take abortion into perspective.
i believe using a computer is part of you healthy choices and you can lean a lot more than you really think you can.
computers are definetly taking part in the problem.
what i think about all of this?
this is why libraries should have more than one copy.
here are my reasons why.
dear newspaper, i am writing you this letter, about computers, in the hope that you will publish it.
playing outdoors in team games brings out your competitive side, while board games challenge your mind. ""
i know i had to do a project , and without the computer i wouldn't have it today.
so that right there is an example of people not getting ecersise, and being lazy.
however, it has grown so much.
in addition, my neighbor, had to do a study to interview overweight adults and teenagers.
with that being the case friends make friends now without even knowing that person with full understanding.
books were made to keeping people wondering, learning, and excited.
you can be on the computer and still listen to music.
also the might be times go on a trip and know how much it cost and how long its going to take to set to you destination.
maybe even put a sticker on the book, if possible, letting people know just what they're dealing with
i understand parents dont want their children to read books containing drugs, , sex, etc.
then take a mouthful of water, face the sun and blow the water out as fine spray.
computers make comunication easy, but there are many negative affects as well as positive.
www.google.com has the answer to everything!
just because books have vulgar language, blood and gour, and sexual things, doesn't mean they should be pulled off the shelf.
you be thinking at this point, that a computer is nothing more than research and socializing.
a strong nation is being built with well disciplined society, performing its duty efficiently at all levels.
get up and prevent the negative effects of computers.
it all depends on where the material is at in the library and what situation it's in.
so keep computers!
i wouldn't, so this is why i believe that computers have a negative impact on society.
everyone is different even when it comes to reading a book.
dear editor, name is , and i believe that computers are a benefit to the world, and people as well.
for instance is a way to see your friends like that.
over the people in has a computer, but are they really healthy?
being , i just had to know.
every person is different and likes an option to pick a book that they can get in to.
i agree with them because one: you can communicate with your family and friends via email, via , via ets.
with emails, 's, , , and blogs, knowing what your friends are doing later is just a click away!
i lknow this from personal experience.
what is you method of learning?
and if we got rid of all the more mature books what kind of books would all of us more mature kids and people have to read.
when children see inappropriate media , they think that it is ok to imitate it.
you could take in the beauty of the great plains or watch the ever changing sands of the sahara desert.
like i said, i have a computer and i can use it to help me write.
its like people think computers is take people away from their friends and family and them talk only on facebook .when people on the they become lazy!
i believe that we should organize our books, movies, and music in a different way perhaps.
dear local newspaper, you like a place where you can control what you and where you go?
in my opinion, i it is great that computers are incorporated in so many places.
have you ever thought about all the amazing things that computers have done for us?
next, comptures improve hand-eye coordination.
and this is only the beginning of what our lives would like without the computer.
more times than not, they wouldn't find what they were looking for, but with the modern age, students can get the information they need fast.
sociologist sais that more and more people are connecting to websites, and talking with their friends. ""
what there is in do.
even people long distanceis way to much money in call them.
if absolutly everyone did judge the products, there wouldn't be any left
you can't fly to and ask the people what you want to know.
censorship in libraries in my view isn't a good idea.
hopping off the computer and instead getting exercise, would make for a healthier and more fit country.
i understand how exercise is essential to your body, however, talking with friends is important too.
on a rainy day, students will spend time on their computers.
the computer has many websites where people can interact like: , , , aol, msn, yahoo, g-mail, twitter, and many more.
it shouldn't be taken away from them.
they meet in spot are even come to one another hauses.
computers can be very helpful to many people.
in my personal opinion i do think that they should have to be taken off the shelf or from being sold.
we can meet new people on the internet.
suddenly he stopped issuing tickets and refuse to accept the one rupee note, as it was slightly spoiled.
the person who wants in banned should have to tell everyone why and stuff.
computers help you do that, using the internet.
so please think of what will happen to children if computers are banned.
using the computer to go on multiple websites, is actually easier.
the last movie that i did not like was all the movies.
and i also know that there are somethings that be offensive to you, but they aren't offensive to other perople.
it only takes minutes ti check your , or look up something.
the unique quality of a person can be developed with the help of a good hobby.
then they just click on the first link that they see and use the information that is right on the page.
the computer can make things visual to kids and out.
my first example is that people that go on the computer alot still exercise.
they sayd ok, and then they are down there on facebook.
, a state from in said, ""each year the number of people are getting fewer & fewer.
he keeps a small stick in his hand.
and the hunting magazines just show that you can go out and shoot stuff.
i think books that are offensive and inappropreite shouldn't be in school or elementray schools with little ones or even years olds.
most kids by the age of have already used a computer for over hour.
all of those books were written by an author with a clear point to make.
before you make an ultimate decision about something, give it a chance first.
for example, one day a few of family friends come over we were eating dinner.
although i can see how some people would think this, i believe that computers are a good benifit to all society.
this way no children would see the book anyway.
so, should that magazine be removed?
i think the do alot less harm than good.
my basic belief is that, why remove a book from a shelf, when we can impervise so everyone is happy?
however for those who would find this beneficial do we want to simply go against our and deprive them of that information?
the presence of an animal in a house is considered to be a good omen in villages.
using computers is something i know millions of people use everyday, and would think would be difficult to live without.
sometimes you need a brake you cant stay on the computer all the time.
you would't be able to talk to friends on or e-mail.
people also make and keep in touch with great friends through the .
also, many people want to go to destinations but do not know how to get there.
some things a magazine can contain are about advertising tobacco, such as its good for you to try.
some do it in a joking way, but others do not.
the people must be free and must be able to live their own lifes.
what would happen you could be at a hospital for a ride home for an hour longer than it should have taken.
computers are very needed all around the world.
i just think that that is a waste of time, when you basically have everything you need twenty foot away.
but why do some people think that it is hurting our society.
in a recent poll out of people say that computers had made them more social.
i think you should put all you support in the problem.
overall, i think that it would be best for everyone if we had a time on computers to the whole day on them.
back then electronics weren't popular so for fun, kids played games with eachother outside on a regular basis.
when people go outside to play with their friends, they excersise which causes you to lose weight.
we never thought something like that would happen, it did.
as i got ready while my position paper this year.
when you realize that the one book you find on it wont help you with the score you want you realize that the nextplace to look is the computer.
well, think of it this way.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
he then goes to the fields.
first off, online websites have many different ways to contact people (chat rooms, blogs, email etc.)
if you don't you should get one.
which needs to end now these beautiful land marks across the world are being wasted because hardly any ones looking at them.
i disagree with that opinion.
now, how do computer's make life easier you say?
finally, people have perfect opportunities right in front of them.
how do computers help with hand-eye coordination, you ask?
the first skill we could learn is typing.
this is one of the main thin people do when they us a computer to research.
or i dont like alot of shows and or movies on tv but i dont try to get the station shut down i just change the channel.
because of the internet there is basically no more boredom.
altogether, i strongly believe spending less time on the computer is the best way to stay heathy mentally and physically.
there is a recent program out caled that is on the computer but teaches you any language as well as any human teacher.
computers can help you do all types of things.
they are in alot more danger, and they spend less time with there family.
another example is that computers allow people to pay their taxes.
like i said you can do anything.
therefore the computer helps teach everyone facts and many stays on whats going on around the world.
also, computers allow us to keep in touch with friends and family that we don't see anymore, and they teach us valuable information very quickly.
i think has gotten out of hand how much people and teens especially are addicted to computers.
people can be discovering many great wonders.
so that is the reason they should put the magazines in a place were children shouldn't get access to them.
also, computers could be for fun and your used for work.
so people out there, get off your computer.
our teen vielence rate really needs to be lowered.
computers also evolved how people can communicate with each other.
some good ways to spend time with your family is to play games together, go on a walk, or even go to a bike ride together.
then they are right back in a chair, making minimal movements.
if people all liked the same things, would not life be boring?
in conclusion, computers do have a positive effect on people.
this is because the information all to unknown people.
everything i have ever witnessed at the library is for learning and research.
take my cousin is a teacher and always has to do his students grades during the weekend.
if teenagers were't exposed to kind of music, they wouldn't be as apt to take part in such things.
have you ever heard of or ?
also, you need more info on something, you could look it up online.
i believe that it is important for people to understand different cultures and religions in order to accept them in society.
when we cut down trees we are harming our environment.
learning about people will help you make friends to.
first of all, kids are so wraped up in computer games that they never go out and exercise.
do you want thet for them.
now you can go somewhere instead of staying home bored.
if you want to go somewhere far away, you're most likely to research it, and then plan on going.
then with how advanced our technokwledge is, people can get cd's to burn on to a computer and put on their ipod or player.
first 's should use computers because if they wanted to take notes on what their doing they can just go on the computer and write it.
at electronic stores computer games are sold.
there is no need to completly remove the book.
taking things that people like away from someone is wrong and it would be mean to take that away from those who enjoy it.
i think, we should eliminate some games off the internent, so people can spend days exercising and hanging out with friends, not playing silly games.
just as the movies do for the gerneal population, is for and up while is for and up.
please, let the people stay in touch!
you can't always gain wait by just looking or staying on a computer.
computers allow you to converse with friends you don't normally get to see or talk to.
if you don't want to learn about something you shouldn't take that away from others who do.
there is a small garden around the home and one side is facing a paddy field.
we should look before we leap.
it is airy.
plus, most people who pay their taxes online have to use their online bank accounts, so now.
you can type you can plan your sedual.
without computers, we'd have a higher percentage of students not doing their homework.
whik you sit there playing the some game everyon is out side playing at the park, swimming in the pool or fishing at the lake.
sat on the couch then and told me about how was in the library overhearing some of our classmates reading a book about people making fun of gays'.
but i think on people with computer such as talking to people who you cant see, looking up information gives people something to do.
interactive game with people around the world will broaden your specturm to other cultures.
therefore he was taught to become a king.
by staying active and being outdoors with your friends could save you from these dangers.
some site like allow you to instant message your friends.
that grade brought my adverage down form an a+ to an a-.
the books on each bookshelf are or should be arranged in alphabetical order with the last name of the author first.
it's part of growing up and also a learning experience for all of us.
nudity has always been considered a bad thing but penises and boobs are part of the human body.
granted not all people did, but that is because of certain variables.
today computers are like the worlds biggest book of knowledge.
remember music and books are alot alot of fun and if you never gave it a chance, you should try it sometime.
take about minutes to an hour of your day talk to those people you never get to see, do your reach.
you can your job and talk to the people you need to talk to.
a thing that helps these parents are restrictions on the stuff that you are able to get your hands on.
some kids enjoy reading adult books.
without those books in that library i would have never been able to research those topics.
there are many different things you can look foward to when looking in a magizine.
music blocks out the words that need to be.
with this on going problem, we shall make this judgment with the best of our ablities, based off of our values
another things computers do is open lots of jobs and in a bad econimy people need all the help they can get.
my teacher gives us homework; every , we have to do are facts about anything you want to write about.
the computer also effects you heath because your in a room inside not getting any air.
when you dont want to go out or your just go online and pay us .
please consider puting my essay in the newspaper.
sometimes the articles in books are old and.
i would have to say no.
another solution might be to just get rid of the censored material.
have you ever had to research for a project or report?
wheather they chose to use them or not that's thier choice.
the effect of computers is definetly positive on society.
this is horrible because you might be dating some crazy person.
in conclusion, the reason why people should not spend their life on computer because they think they will be entertain by technology instead of interacting will their family.
they can still exercise in for a quick jog, but also thats their choice if they want to stay health or not, plus they're busy people.
the story seems to heavily favor those who wish to read controversial novels, though we can take something from reading this book.
make that descision i hope that you live a full life and enjoy reading my letter.
i remeber my grandfather told me about how he typed papers.
further more, computers cut into quality time with friends and family.
when your on a computer, are you running?
i remember when i was your age and my mother would kick me outside at am and i wouldn't be back home until around pm.""
when it comes to computers everyone wants to get one, but when we say excrise it seems like peoples mind click off.
that's something a child doesn't need to know at an early age.
when kids are doing a project in school and the information they need is not in the class book they can search and saves time.
you will gain wait and that can, lower your self-asteem.
today, wherever you go, there is technology being used.
if they think it is offensive, then they should put it back on the shelf and go find something else.
the internet should be used less on blogging and chatting, and should be used more on things more useful like .com or .com.
computers have a background of doing this kind of effect on people.
if every article of entertainment were to remain on the shelf in the library, everyone would be happy.
so that's why i personally beleive offensive or innapropriate materials should be allowed in school libraries, but allwowed in public libraries.
the clown appears during the interval between one feat and the other and makes the spectators laugh heartily.
my father says its great to buit its to live it.
i know that spending too much time on a computer is not all that great, but these are just of the benefits from it so please consider this.
maybe someone bought same they and it did not work you could see the comments and review.
for example, myspace, facebook, and twitter.
it was then that i had stumbled upon a book that looked incredibly interesting.
your children are without a doubt, through, the ones a by this technical revolution the most.
i think it is okay for people to use computers because they get to learn new things and meet new people.
therefore, the public also lacks judgement in using computers and the detrimental effects are starting to show.
the next day, i asked her why she didn't pick her cell and house phone.
outside there is great things to do like go to the park or play sports.
have you wanted to go to ?
people's lives are starting to revolve around going on the computer, checking your facebook, and looking at new videos on .com.
well here is one of the main causes we have almost everyone stairing blankly into a computer screen instead of being active.
computers teach hand-eye coordination when you type, when you move the mouse to click on an icon, and when you memorize all of the icons.
you could talk to family members you haven't seen before or just havent got the chance to see them in a long time.
thanks to computers people arnt being active as much, enjoying nature, or interacting with family and friends.
family and are the ones i want at events, not to just show them after the event happend.
the people we have sent to they have a family here and i have heard of them using computers to talk to them because they miss them.
i remember when i was doing a project on , of music.
these websites can't replace being together in person, but it can help keep in touch for the meanwhile.
however there re stuffy room with sholves a desk and some picture that's the serey the people got when are on the computer all the time.
for example, when my brother watched a rated-@caps1 movie.
people find entertainment to movies with sexual or violent activity in them.
computers can also be time-consuming and people could spend hours and even days on a computer without doing anything else.
just a push of a button, and you have immediate communication with someone.
although most people would say the invention of a computer is a good thing, i dissagree.
once they start censoring what everyone can read and listen to then they'll feel as though they can censor any and everything and control peoples lives.
learning to type gives these children better opportunities for success in later life.
so you see safty is a real big problem with these computers.
i intend growing plants of flowers.
others enjoy it, whether they share your views or .
if you don't then you better go out and get one because these computers are awesome and can just about anything you need.
if you do not want that article or piece of writing to be seen by certain audiences, then do not put it on a public display.
i lived with them very happily.
people can go to their hearest library and use the computer there for free!
or you can level up skills like wood cutting, prayer, farming, fishing, mining, and cooking.
the place was full of people from different countries.
video also show a way do express what you feel and sat it in comedy, horror, or sad videos.
when people grow up, they tend to start reading, watching, and listening to material that they would never let their children listen to.
i havn't heard anything about people finding these kind of books in other books or magazines that i read.
they can learn hand-eye coordination, have the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and have the opportunity to talk to other people online.
so think, are computers really harmful?
i hope you take my thoughts into consideration.
the following day he was allowed to work on the computer and got three pages notes.
but she is not the only one to lose her vision because of computers.
you can post viedos, write messages and such.
we must be very proud of our soldiers.
until the late 's, laptops and desktop did not exist in opinion, this would have been better.
well you can use the computer to look up the words.the computer will give you the full deffinition and how to pronance the word.
this is a good thing about computers, but also a bad thing.
my last reason is why do people want to be on computers all day.
in conclusion, the computer is a gracous device that is extremely benifital to people.
it helps people because they could projects.
you might think, ""oh tha's what a phone is for""?
lastly computers teach you the important skill of hand-eye cordnation.
don't forget you !
this crazy computing must end!
also, others have the right to express their opinions toward another's thoughts.
the greatest impart is the computer!
this law should be all the reason for someone not to ban something for what it says.
even the post office uses computers to get letters and boxes to people.
as i sat at my empty lunch table, approached me and asked to sit down.
if i were addicted to my pc i wouldn't get on education and i wouldn't be writing this letter right now.
if someone finds something particularly offensive, i believe they just should not view it
you buy one on sale and when you need your computer, !, malfunctions and problems assalt you.
also, computers are amazing now and they're only going to get better.
i use computer all the time and im healthy.
it also helps you connect with old school friends and relatives that are far away.
it is my firm belief that their should not be any censorships.
a simple solution is talking online to an actual person who lives in .
i never thought playing on computers could be addicted.
there are so many things that effect our opinions.
i believe this because computers enable you to talk to family and friends online.
isn't hard to say to a friend or parent, "" to do something.
adults would most likely be playing a rated game, and watching rated movies.
my mom always tells me the best part of your childhood is making memories with the people you love.
there are thousands of libraries throughout the world.
dear , i'm sending you this letter on the behalf of the people that spend way too much time on computers.
when you are in a rush to go to work don't you end up losing papers and files just forgetting about them?
dear newspaper, people are spending way too much time on the computer and it is not right.
it can ruin your eye sight, you don't enjoy nature while interacting with people, and most importantly it make you very unhealthy.
people lose jobs over computers.
they cant keep themselfs on the computer for like hours, its just crazy.
or if your on a business trip away from home, you can check upon your family.
i'm sure if you was around my age you know how fun it is to explore the internet.
do you think thats good?
so many people abuse themselves staying on to long.
obviously, will do much more harm than good.
this is the part that is the parents fault by buying the for the child to listen to.
in a recent study, researchers determined that an average person spends years of his or her life on the comptuer.
to you and you don't have a phone use a computer.
not get sunk and, it can travel for days with no water.
it frightened me.
we pay for our room with no problem and we stand there patiently waiting for to step up and ask for a room.
okay, so libraris are full of book's, movies, music, etc.
could see why computer slow reflexes, but they mae them better.
children can be easily hurt.
but the computer all of that to society.
we go through all the trouble of turning on and opening pages just to chat online.
it would teach us to be more intelligent.
computers have now become part of our society and culture and is very important by following reasons.
i think these websites are great and can only improve society.
that is why i think the computer has a great effect on people.
if you tell someone all your important information and you don't know them.
it causes there to be a lift between family members.
is it that important?
computers have a positive effect on peoples lives.
when i was little, my parents did a good job of censoring things that were bad for me to watch at that age.
so that's why i'm writing this essay to the newspaper arguing on whats right for allowing them to see uncensored things they are not to see
if you like using computer disign programs try drawing a real picture instead.
people that type slower usually have poorer hand-eye coordination.
these websites can be very interupptive when trying to do something important.
also they learning, fertileze comunication, and are comercialy implortant.
you can also go to websites where you can talk to people in other countris.
the television is a great gift of modern science.
there are also many websites that have games on them.
studies show that the average time a person spends on the computer is five hours!
it has nothing but children's books, movies, music, and magazines.
you are your own person and can make your own decisions, if this so called offensive material is not veiwed offensive by someone.
they strengthen the relations of friendship among various states and countries.
my second main idea is that computers are good for people is when you finish high school, you can go to college.
programs teach reading, writing, and speaking to children. "
but is also more listening to the radio online.
but i do understand that a large percent of our population does enjoy listening to it.
people who belive that they should remove this material from libraries think it will corrupt young minds.
and you would like to shaire your childhood stories with your children.
computers are positive for many reasons.
they move in public places.
well you never see them because they live far away right?
safety is one the most important things in life.
first our parents read us books to get us to go to sleep.
it has great nourishing value.
it helps the cops catch the bad people.
like sex, drugs, drinking, bad language.
my grandfather told all the stories to me.
one of my reasons are exercising.
that is one reason why you begun to be way to you go just stay home and just play games online.
children will immitate what they see or heard, complaints will be filed on that library.
but, as mentioned earlier, censorship should only be to a certain degree.
i feel that technology can be both good and bad.
this type of event could cause serious damage on a child emotionally and mentally.
certain people beleive that offensive books, magazines, or music should be taken off of the shelves of libraries.
if we start taking offensive books off the self then every body coming in would be taking books off the self.
computers are one of the most used tools on the planet.
this might just be the greatest thing about the computer.
there are people are very busy and dont have time to go to college classes can take classes.
if a healthy person is found begging, he should be punished by the law.
online you can learn about the history of specific places.
the person wouldn't have meant it that way, though.
the only way to travel in a desert is to ride a camel.
in this day and age, good coordination is esencial to prospering in society.
there does not need to be any censorship in libraries.
like i suggested previously in the article, the bad content should be moved to a room so that people dont mistakenly come across it.
but if we denied them their right to put out their creations, we would be denying them their basic rights as an american citizen.
but don't go kill your self looking for a cheap one.
i know that computers help me with research all the time when i do projects or write papers for school.
why not get out for a little, escape the technology prison cell you've all been reeled into.
my parents were successful in life because they were ambitious.
computers are beneficial to everyone worldwide.
public libraries are just that, public.
i thought it would benefit your opinion on the effects computer usage throughout the if you heard from a young teen.
or have you ever just wanted to catch up with an old friend?
my first reason is i belive that people need to get out more.
one you can use to learn, two some hard care gaming, and three just talk to friends.
people don't understand the troubles computers cause.
most of the jobs in the world have one part that has to do with computers.
isn't this the attitude everyone needs?
oftentimes parallels can be drawn between the wild and the tamed.
remember computers, do lots of things, help us learn, and they are a fantastic tool.
what could they do?
this position comes from lack judgement and a closed mind.
computers almost makes anything possible.
this is why i want to tell everyone about negative effects of the computer on people.
computers are here to help society not hurt it so why shouldn'y we use them?
besides esing lifes, computers teach you about far away places and people.
when you see things on the screen and go to chick it you are actually helping out your body.
for example if i wanted to i could talk to someone and the and clean my room.
you have it where as if you were usinf a book you would still be looking for what you need.
in this situation, it could go both ways on how colored people tend to look and feel about this.
i borrowed the book from the librarian on the advice of my friend.
so you mostly spend about $ or $ as fix it.
people really shouldent read things like that because it puts things in there heads and somtimes make the think the same way as the writer.
talking and catching up with one another is a great way to re-connect.
do you have family members who live far away from you?
sohan lal is the peon of our school.
they use profanity, show naked pictures, or take about things that a child is not yet supposed to be exposed to at that age.
if you find a movie, magazine, or even a book offensive then do not read it or do not watch it.
it good to be at the computer but not the long insted go out plat and exersus.
if the use of computers was lowered anger that people have would lower and would lead to other positive things as well.
this disgusts me because there are many fun, beautiful, and entertainings things to do.
i mean, every time you hit that on switch, you and the computer become attached.
if this was to take place our civilization would experience a lessening intellect and a expanding ignorance regarding many fields of knowledge.
that quote was said by , a former student of .
some parents use the computer as a way to keep their kids quite, instead of taking the time to go outside.
well, you you could simple a computer helps people different things.
dear local newspaper, everday technology is developed.
familiar with is a great program for socializing but there are many stronger dangers.
also, people go to libraries to find something out.
you have acess to talk with people who are all the way across the world!
remember the world would survive if you trash that zombie room.
people can talk to someone online, computers can teach hand-eye coordination, and finially, people can look a person or place up using the internet.
dear , i think computers aren't good for people because they could spend that time exercising, hanging out with friends and family and reading.
most game sites have virtual games that you can play online for !
whenever wants to play hide and go seek with him he always finds a way out of playing with play computer.
to the local newspaper, i think using computers does not have a negative effect on people.
obesity is a huge problem in .
promotes discrimination and racial supremacy along with being written by what has pegged as one of the humanity's most vile of creatures.
excersise can be fun, as long as you make it fun.
's, you say that your just going to be an for a minute and then next thing you know hours have already gone by.
to sum up, computors are very dangerous.
i understand that computers can be helpful to do school work but, kids who never get off can have life threatening weight problems in the future.
my uncle went to ticketmaster.com and he ordered two tickets for wwe.
i hear it all the time from everyone that reunions have been made, and friends have been reunited.
last, you can have fun creating games and stuff to share with everyone.
with global warming by ourside, what you saw yesterday not be there today.
this book demonstrates the harsh prejudice that used to be normal in the during the earlier years of the .
you can't just leave it on the shelf because it could be offensive to someones cultural beliefs or seem inappropriate to the youth.
i think they should be certain magazines in the library.
this is useful for families who life a good distance from each other.
all you really have to do is find out somebodys email.
you can't trust certain sites or certain people.
many people think email is a waste of time, but can help you in your everyday life.
some people wanted to do something about their life's and how they can't because they are addicted to their computers.
they get all couped up inside for the whole day.
for example, if you go to soemones house you are always going to see a young kid or a parent online somewhere or playing online gmaes.
in my opinion, i find computers to be a very negative influence on yound kids, teens, and adults.
the should put this to use.
even though i support the use of computers i understand the negitive effect they have on many people.
even if you do have a phone and someone you known is overseas.
the article stated ""more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.""
did you agree?
i'm sure if you listen to the news you will hear stories about child predators.
if its not to overweight to not spending time with families, to doing schoolwork.
after reeding my letter, i hope you understand my point.
also, if friends wanted to talk with one another, the could instant message each other.
many people barely pay attention to conversation while focusing on the screen.
for example, in my recent project in social studies class i need to go on the computer to get information on the subject.
imagine talking to your friends, not having an with his ever leaving your room.
she is the busiest person in the house.
i know i don't.
also the ability to create your own web page is greatly useful when trying to promote a bisnuess or company.
in conclusion, these are only a few ways that computers effects people.
for example, we need to use our hand-eye coordination skills when we type to the letters.
when i read, watch, or listen to something, i do not think of how offensive it is to me or somebody else.
last sunday, my father had to go to the heathrow airport to receive his uncle.
also they taught alot to people.
besides the obvious most helpful features, you can play computer games, watch mores and listen to music on a computer.
four out of five teenagers would agree that without computers or technological advances, their long-distance relationships with family and friends wouldn't be possible.
also, most any job that has to do with any sort of business has a requirement for the person needed to be able to type quickly.
it is a very good way to keep intouch with people you know.
why would you go outside if you could play life - like games on your ?
a person who is doing sports generally developed special qualities such as patience, courage and senesce of responsibility.
people should be aware that they come across some offensive materials when going in to a library, so it will allways be the peoples choice of attending that library
she stop cause she was so stock on facebook.
opinion is that computers are safe in different occassions but are also very fun & educational.
also if you do have one than reading this persuade you into getting one.
is only six about to be seven.
if a student is doing a science project, but the work doesn't contain all the information the can the internet is a way to expands education.
they are on the computers when they should be exercising.
there's new websites all around the world today.
when someone read somthing thats bad they or not like it.
have you ever needed to know something about a state or a place that brought up nig news & you needed to get it?
sensing their pitiable condition, the neighbours used to help them, by turns.
also the over all reasearch on important things.
it's also possible not just to see places but to see people from how for the distance is!
lastly, you know the internet is used for research and talking but also for getting anything you want.
censorship should be fo young childen.
i belive if the books, music, movies, magazines and etc.
television will block out things such as language, nudity, alcohol, drugs, and things of that nature.
your town has rec leaguges of sports such as , softball, and baseball.
i do agree that some people who spend all day in front of their computers are spending less time exercising!
i personally concern with these people, computers have a positive effect on people.
in the end i think that computers are a real waste of time.
a magazine can have a mixture of good and negative thing obtain in it.
did you know that of all teenage suicides are from being bullied online.
my conclusion, is that you can always find ways to get the answer you need.
if someone wan't to become better in these sports, all they'd need to do was turn on the computer.
these websites contain proven factual information and more great resources for research.
i like to read biographys about sports players and types of books like that.
the rest room, toilets, parcel room and the canteen are few
its a nice sunny day dont wast your time on the computer!
it has a very big bag in his stomach.
parents can just decide they want their kid(s) to read, watch, or listen to
next, is that you could be outside enjoying nature.
researcher say out of people say getting online the best way because you can see when the take off, when the next also when to come back home.
if you know your over weight from the computer.
you can learn so much about him like where he was born, how family relatives did he have and more.
kids always see and hear someing oddensive no matter how hard their parents try.
so this is why i think libraries should be able to censor things.
one way is interacting with different people all over the world.
its hard to show how its bad to say an offensive word to someone, that they herd on the radio.
the first reason why computers have a good affect on people is because computers help your typing skills.
dear -in-@caps2, computers are very helpfull tools in todays society and culture.
turn i see a book that i don't particularly care for, i simply put it down.
my daddy presented it to me on my eight birthdays it helps me cover distances in a short time.
have evolved from dosktop computers, and before that, type writers, but have they gone too far?
in my opinon people should have the right to censor what the library provides for their student or child, to a certain extent.
all of those resources can either help graphing results for science class or even typing up a paper for .
a scientist in , , says humans tend to enjoy communication because it gives a sense of unity.
computers are beneficial because they help people connect with the world.
this is a disgrace!
virtual tours are becoming more and more common today.
all you have to do is learn to controle your self.
alot of drugs and weapons are bought online.
also there is a robot used that digs out mines which saves many lives.
libraries should just contain what they were made for: encyclopedias, dictionaries, books, and other books that can provide useful information to people.
by readin this letter, i hope that this make computers appealing to you.
because it costs so much money to pay for international cellphone service, my dad could not call using his cell phone.
they make research easier and faster to find.
well when you talk to them on the you can do other things.
the computers connect families, contain information which is great for peoples education, and are very conveint.
people think differently from each other.
there is no one person who can say whether or not a book is offensive.
but then it also makes those people that want it censored uptight.
certain materail be offensive to different people, but to the others that could use that materail for research or for pleasure reading, would not be fair.
government officials can talk with other leaders from around the world.
thank you for your time.
at the end, the team with more points wins the game.
you should go to your school and tryout for any sport that your good at.
so thats taking the parents time away from their kids.
if one friend on a group of friends probablly in the same town as you, then they could talk by using their laptops they bring anywhere.
the present world is a fast running one.
without air, our planet would be lifeless.
i have every say in what my daughter can and can't do.
several years ago a parent at my school complained to the administration about a book, the , her child was about to read for his english class.
plants and replant them in the field.
also you should make other nightfamily fun night and play games and hang out with family on family fun night you can play characles or a board game.
an opinion is every human being's right and it belongs to them, not the authorities.
obviously censoring is not the answer to offensive material
you are probably thinking, there is no way i'm going to pick up that type of book and sit down and read it.
the author has the right to what they wrote and should have the opportunity to have their work acknowledged.
now answer me this, much time do you spend on you computer?
people can create @caps14 diagrams on a computer and send the data to a company, and hopefully create .
my creations are expressions that i give for world to enjoy and think about.
all of the reasons in my letter support my position on wether or not computers benefit our society.
i think evey one like different books.
therefore, new exercises, moves or tricks online can help them out a lot.
these health risks are a concern, but peoples safety is on bigger issue.
even if some of the conduct is inapropriate, it is still serves a way to educate.
sometimes they eat potato chips and cookies and have soda.
they provide search engines to figure out anything you're ever wanted to know about.
books, magazines, and music on slavery are things i think we as a people required to read are things we are required to have.
for example, if a stuident has to write a paper for school about the , then they would need to do some research.
if this isn't enough to tell you that computers benefit us, then what will?!
i believe that there should be a very limited selection that children can see.
the computer started off as an ""innocent"" invention.
that is what computers are there for!
what are you going to do?
then you will try to stop them with ""computers eat your brain"".
when people bought his records in the , they had to be covered or placed in brown papered bags.
if you have a report to do on of faraway place instead of looking through you can look on the internet for information.
should books be censored?
communicating with people on the other side of the world is difficult.
if the world becomes more and more dependent on the of computers and such, that could mean things.
in conclusion, using computers has started a growing epidemin in the .
computers, more and more people are using them.
also is a family come up you could your family members instead of calling them because they would talk to you forever.
you would just go on the computer and find all the information you need.
where would we get all of our information from?
when parent's children asle for something parents shoudn't buy it.
although people might think to be false it is indeed true.
also people who look for jobs don't go to the newspaper anymore; they go to the internet!
do you want to carry around that heavy of a burden with you until your death?
scientist say computers have positive effect on people.
in his article he exclaimed that, "" own more than one computer per house - hold!
whenever brother and i got on the computer we'll stay in the all day.
for example, in history class a student is assigned an assignment to get done over the about for a grade.
you can interact with someone who you don't see on a daily basis.
we need to show them that we care.
also, i myself am a much faster typer than i am writer so my work is a lot needey on the computer.
in fact it decraced over .
i that parents these days are really happy when you have come home and made new friends.
these words and actions we try to censor are not going away.
dear , people have computers, and people use them.
i have and some of those books on there are ridciolus.
the world would change for the worse if computers were abandoned.
adults aren't the only ones whose jobs consists of computers.
also if the parents want to get books, why not go to a different library and get books.
it's depends on one's beliefs and morals.
in conclusion certain materials shouldn't be removed from shelves if they're found offensive for three reasons.
do you know what computers were intended to do?
you can talk about thier culture.
you can watch videos, play games, listen to music, comunicate with friends.
and items like the ones who offend people should not even be in a public area.
in my opoion learning is the greatest thing.
you not enjoy reading the materials that i enjoy either but that doesn't mean you should banned them.
in all the games some rules must be followed.
i believe computers are good thing, but only if they are used properly.
all they do is sit down eat on unhealthy snack and play games, and videos.
if, there's one thing everyone can agree on, it's fast and can make daily tasks easier.
the internet offers so much information for people of all ages who want to learn and thrive.
you can get in contact with people, if you have a question you can look it up and you can do your job on a computer.
everyone should be given the same oppertunity to read the book that another made find inapporaite.
if you missed the best part of a you could easily go on a computer, look it up and importance of computers in every day society.
but, important of all of it, family that you miss can talk to you for hours without a phone bill.
on the computer there are many ways you can communicate with other people.
i didn't fit in with anyones' group.
if i had better hand writing i would have gotten a better grade.
since this was the case, i simply avoided those types of movies or magazines that had those types of content.
a child has no responsibilities.
a library is a place with resources provided for information, interest, and enlightnement.
also, people of all ages should realize the natural beauty of naturel, but computers get in the way of that.
a recent study shows that out of families who purchased a computer in the last year have halved their exercise and play time.
they practice it freely, which is sadly not the case for others in different countries.
it is a convienient way to communicate, it teaches young adults and adults social and life skills, and is no different than other addictions.
said , a phycologist, who speciaizes in teens, this shows that people use these sites, and that they like them.
all these numbers must change and a way to start would be losing the computer because people are spending too much time on them and less time exercising.
lastly, computers inhibit people from interacting with family and friends.
see if the books you are letting your son/daughter check out are age worthy or .
effects from computers can be very negative and not beneficial at all.
oh wait, letters can take up todays and your question is urgent!
americans have freedom of speech, and writing, and many ohter rights.
did you ever have a relative go on vacation in a foreigh country and have no way of calling them to see if everything is okay?
we was greatful for the strain off his back.
maybe you can find a special friend that you almost forgot about.
i believe that computers have a great effect on people because you can keep in touch with family and friends, go on school websites and use search engines.
computers effect people for sure, but not in a way that people would want to be effected.
computers teach hand-eye cordination, help people learn, and allow people to communicate with others.
also if it was or to me i would the use of computers.
but, you can't talk on the phone due to long-distance calls; so with a computer people don't have to lose touch!
i think they should never take that history from them beacuse they are just learning things about their history.
little kids see stuff that their peers are doing and want to be just like them so they do the same stuff.
without being noticed.
your family is going to be by your side no matter what.
sometimes geting over offensive things that you see are not easy but hey lifes not easy
people inhabit them, grow date palms, fruit and vegetable there.
so therefore it's not right to take the things off the shelves just because some people do not like it.
these things are dangerous and hurt people-mentally and even emotionally.
at least you getting up to get the phone.
for example, if you wanted to spell ""what"" instead the would spell """".
it catchs there eyes bye the way it looks .
it can also bring families together.
some times the only way to make contact with them is by talking to them on the computer.
we were walking down street when a bolt of lighting struck through the trees.
i wacthed movies and read book that were never censored, and i was mature enough to know what it all ment.
what my family believes not be what other families believe in.
first of all, computers give you information on things that you cannot find in books.
in books, magazines, shows, movies, on the , you name it.
well thats their problem they can do what ever they whant .
computers are not good toward society.
and you can't neglect the fact that computers offer a profusion of entertainment.
we all decided to stay inside the house.
because of the internet, people across the globe can talk to each other as if they were neighbors.
flowers were blooming.
we can get just as much information out of books if we try our best.
this is why computers have a very good effect on people.
games on the internet are also very bad.
then monkeys and elephants showed different feats of skill.
there are video games with shootings and have limbs flying all over the place.
katherine paterson is completely correct when she says, 'if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf.
he was a triathlete, who trained everyday so he could be in the @caps4 man in next .
and just because someone finds a book offensive doesn't mean it should be taken off the shelf; it just isn't fair to other people.
horrible to endure, that's not the only problem your computer can cause.
in hospitals without computers people would be dieing every day.
my first reason why people should spend less time on their computer is people could get sick.
also you don't want to be waisting all of your hardworked money on a stupid piece of technology.
cant afford the newspaper?
they also have educational websites that help you with your work.
dear local newspaper: you think computers are great for everyone?
sometimes you can learn anything with out reading a book with curse words, sex, or violance.
the last and final reason computers are great is because, they make shopping much esayer.
like i say, "" "" remember .
no more wondering city streets, now you can just submit on aplication or have an interview without ever leaving your.
for their spelling will soon become and the vocabulary will be, or all in slang.
do you believe our generation or future generations should not get to experience and understand what the past generations have?
the answer is no.
also there are a lot of reasns that people don't get out and do other activitys, so why just stop computers.
it mostly educates it.
when your write a report you tend to go to the internet.
tons of these people have not seen were .
but what do you guys think.
you can do all this on the computer and more.
even though they are found offensive to someone, someone else could use that material for a paper or project.
give each person the choice, and the rebellion will settle down.
even with some of the best selling books poeple wonder why or how so many sold but thats just how it is.
it doesn't matter what the books about, some might seem offensive but everyone has something that they dislike.
over all, books are a good thing.
its not because he created the fastest computer ever.
but people aren't on all day so what does that do to society.
it goes over on waht you need help on, and you get a live tutor.
in conclusion, many people's lives are being manipulated by computers and destroying their daily live.
a recent survay has been conduched and said that out of the of kids who own a computer are over-weight or indanger of being over-weight.
and, soon after, killed herself.""
lastly, everyone enjoys different book themes.
just because they're reading them doesn't mean their actions will be affected.
there aren't just those kind of computers.
we gossip about them.
however, books or any other items can be offensive to people but to others it is just a book to read.
people wouldn't feel so offensive finding them in the wrong spot.
back then and now censorship is hiding reality.
as you can see this is why i believe it is positive.
not only are the helpful, but they are fun and easy to use!
this is reducing students thinking levels just above read and click the awnser.
the most important, though, is our advances in technology.
and the biggest detail you want to know is the cost and the computer can usually give you a close to exact price for everything.
there are many things that can happen in magazines like porn.
which in a sense is hurting the censorship of all the people who choose to take part in it.
this in return causes people to have better social skills.
for example, most teenage girls love to read young romance stories, and about young peoples' lives; people like informational books.
all the adult magazines should be with the adult reading books.
you can find plumbers, technicians, oil companies, and lumber companies.
they shouldn't allow those kinds of books, music, movies, or magazine in the library.
one, when you go to school, more with other student.
dear local newspaper, about what the world would be like without computers.
you do that, you'll have some schema about the place.
you could be getting other tasks done.
there is a choice in the question paper.
so, don't say all people are on the computer to much and for the wrong reasons, because that is not true at all.
some people dislike them but they have good reasons why.
although most people use these materials strictly for entertainment, the writers and musicians created them for self expression and to show their pain and struggles.
this is a strong reason why computers should not be seen as a negative effect on society.
i certainly don't like the feeling of being offended, but its something people go through life with.
don't you want to be happy.
you'd be extremely upset.
statistics show that ofdevorces are related to not being able to have aconversation and with more technoligy on the way that number will grow.
the uses radar to see if there is any boats or submarines coming near them and the have a heads up if there would be an attack.
those movies have been put on the highest of best film lists.
well thats a gud question.
which is kind of intersting because you can up with friend that you haven't seen in years.
computers help you send e-mails for work, make slide shows for presentations, and keep calendars so you can be organised and on time.
those are the main catagories that most perople want sperate due to offensivce material such as drugs, sex, and alchohol.
my third and final reason why advance in tech.
some people dont like computers because of instant reason, and other people like computers little too much.
what i'm trying to say is computers are a part of every teenagers routine during the day.
just need youre more .
some of the other effects computers can have on people is keeping them in the house.
dear local newspaper, people throughout the world use, or own computers.
such as trying to fill a sieve full of sand, he does not know how to learn.
dear local , i think computers benefit society greaty.
i feel closer and part to keep in touch with them.
what is a library?
false statement or inaccurate statements in books can lead to public curiosity and even conspiracy.
they can be good, but too much is a bad thing.
they teach us new information quickly, perform tasks, quickly and effeciently and allow us to keep in touch with people across the world.
, my name is and i am writing to you because, i want to inform you about the benefits of having computers.
thats not all, computers help people find what their looking for.
it is basically any information in a click.
lastly, if one wants to get to know another better he or she can look at thier blog.
they also use a lot of electricity.
those who complain are only making more work for themselves.
the censorship in libraries needs to be more strict.
with innapropriate magazines, i do not think they should have their own section of the , i think they should be removed all together.
im sure you dont want that.
just because one person doesn't like it doesn't mean everyone else does too.
once while i was watching the , a man said people died because of playing on the computer for over days with little food or water.
computer using be ""ok"" when used in moderation, like sweets or oily foods.
the amount of time wastedon computers is a huge problem that needs to change!
eventualy if can read the benefits are counters.
libraries should be able to put anything that might interest a person who educate someone on there shelves wether people get offended or not.
with yearly maintanence costing about per year, you can see how expensive these machines really are.""
if you don't exercise you begin to gain weight, if you don't socialize you'll be an lonely person.
computers teach people hand-eye cordination.
lots of people find many pleasures to watching offensive things.
the fairies stood around me.
many people might not even know it yet but computer can turn on you and really ruin your life.
no, i don't think that the stuff should be removed from the shelves just becuase someone thinks or takes it to be offensive.
becuase everyone is offended by something, everyone likes diffrent things, and noone would use a library if what they liked wasn't there.
it doesn't get any better than that!
their is so much to luearn about.
and you think about the millions of people who spend their time chating on the computer.
even local doctors have pointed . ""
it also prevents you from doing other things because you get consumed about the computer you forget your main priorietees.
all of which peoples opinions are created by life experiences and many tragedy' they have been apart of.
if i call someone from a different country it would cost me way more but if i send them an its cheaper.
recently, it has been bought to my attention that some experts are concerned that people are spending too much time on their computers.
for now on i am going to think when i spend all mu time on the computer how it affect my life and my family, friends.
these are the reasons why i think that the computer is very helpfull.
this is what we are putting into our movies and books and magazines, and putting into the children of heads.
therefore, i believe computers have a great effect on peoples life.
first of all computers are a big help when it comes to a computer class at your school.
most buisness people also use computers to plan buisness trips.
people always saying kids should read more.
the boundary for censorship is very opinionated and should not be dictated by a single group.
which has been proven by news.
if we let people do this than nobody would be abel to wacht, read, play, or even lissin to for fun.
the owners of these libraries know what is going to upset people and what will not.
bird watches monthly has had a decrease in subscriptions the because people are not interested in nature anymore.
dear , a recent survey said that out of doctors think the advances we have made with technology and computers is helping us rather than hurting us.
finally, computers help you gather knowledge that no one book could tell you.
in my own personal opinion no i don't think that books should be banned from the public library.
most of the time, you not even know who it is your speaking with.
family, friend and coligees are all people you need to talk to.
thats what is going to be in this world till the world ends.
though the users think there is nothing, negative about using the computers but there is.
don't stop reading there is more thing!
facebook, , , all of these sites make it possible for you to talk with other people.
i think that all those bookstores are going to run out of business because of the technology now a days.
and then she states that their wont be any books left for us.
they have for legs and a small tail.
another reasons i would like you to hear is less time exercising.
people can stay away from those areas that they find offensive.
our country has gotten smarter because of computers.
in the modern world, nearly all businesses rely on communication.
that wuldn't be the nicest thing to do.
do you want to be unhealthy in life if not go outside and take a walk.
remove a book from a shelf is like decrease from knowledge that could have been known.
these are what you can use to talk to your friends at school.
there are ways to get around it.
i like to keep the teddy near me when i am at home.
there are so many fun thing's you can do outside.
the chatting also helps people have long-distance relationships, whether friends, mates, or family.
but all of these things can be just as distracting as they can be helpful.
you would have to have use the bid maps driving to places.
in conclusion, censorship should be kept in libraries.
lastly, i would like to tell you about just how much we can learn by using a computer.
also if you are writing a research paper for school then you would probably want to find your information on the computer.
i know that year, if someone asked a question and the teacher wasn't sure of it, we would go strait to the computer.
if you're on the computer you type which helps improve peoples hand-eye coordination.
dear , have you ever used a computer to do anything besides buisness?
people will talk to eachother more, building more relationships and better conversational skills.
also you can socialize as well as study with this device.
the government will erase history as it is and create one that warps the minds of all to believe the goverment is righteous.
obviously, computers are aweful technological devices.
remember this next time you are someone you know sits down at a computer for a long time.
from my point of view, time is a big thing.
you could get a medical degree on the internet.
i would not want my brother or sister to watch, or see anything thing that is not approperiate.
i thought what in the world is this doing at my school they should have something like that in a place where kids are in a learning environment.
then ther is the problem with the music of .
getting exercise is an essential part of everyone's life, and lacking it could be deleterious to one's health.
internent research is the top way amongst all colleges and universities to research.
now, stating those two things, has come to my attention that the computer is also extremely helpful.
dear paper, name is and i am writing this letter on the count of the computer issue.
if we, as , continue to lack exercise, there won't be many possibilities for us in the future.
now some people think that because a book is inappropriate in their views then it shouldn't be avalivable to read at all.
powerpoint is a program where you can make different slides in anything.
also, if you dont then they could sue you for racism or make it public to everyone that you are a racist library and you would loose business.
it could be interesting to someone else but not you.
i mean sure you can pick up a book, but why?
with a computers you could type "" of "" into a search engine and receive of information in under a minute!
he could not swim across the lake.
without computers we would live in caves and walk around with leaves for underwear like caveman.
rather than just getting rid of it all together.
but once you read , you deamed as innoproprate for younger people?
over the internet, you can search up unlimited amounts of information.
are you play a game on me?""
another thing is kids meet someone they don't know and think is nice but you don't know who he really is.
or how old it can get.
i think that this would be fair for everyone.
it helps on learn about countries around the world and whats going on.
we had a lot in common and i was glad to have made a friendship with .
no one had the time to worry of the natural wonder because they were to with there computar animated jobs and didnt care what came of it.
howver, some materials be found offensive to someone, it not be found offensive to others.
we should not disturb others.
well if you had a computer you could type eerything and keep them in your computer files.
due to unavoidable circumstances, i had not been able to do any revision.
there are some books that kids shouldn't read, but only you can stop them from reading them.
we would not have so miny probloms in the frist place.
this way she found a fun place and left the country for week.
many young kids these days are watching , they see computer game commercials there parents buy them the game, and all of a sudden they are on it .
computers help us with finding our locations, coordibates and millions of information online.
of all household aplienses come from nasas work.
you can go on your computer and talk with other people without spending money to travel there.
if you start going through the magazine and find something you do not like or take offense to, either keep flipping the pages or put the magazine down.
an computer is nice but you got to know that you, can't get controlled by it.
these people choose to stay indoors and just do nothing except watch .v.
dear local newspaper a lot more people uses computers daily but not everyone agrees that it benefits society.
you can also lison music on your computer bu going to or downloading frostwire or something like that.
yet, most will and see what happends and learn from it.
i feel this way because at one point of time we didnt even have books let alone libraries to get books from.
obviously if the content was published in the first place it appeals to some audience.
myself though i do not like reading i find it to be boring somtimes tireing unless it is actually a good book.
pretty soon many people will be held back because they have failed the school year.
the internet is a great way to have a highway of information at the touch of a button.
i took a virtual tour of the and the great .
computers help you learn things better than any other technologies.
the internet also gives you the advantage to shop online.
computers are a great reference point, can allow you to chat with
secondly, you can communicate with others from around the word or just your friends.
why arn't you stepping in and showing people the right way to live?
its stuff they should never even find out about.
also with hand & eye coordination.
sometimes it's violence sometimes it's other things like drugs or alcohol, whatever the case be.
reading and music lets you learn and experience different situations that you might have never been in before.
some colleges can be found on the internet and you can go to college at home on your computer.
they said that the earth goes around the sun.
in my family i am not allowed to listen to offensive music.
if people don't want to be offended they simply have to just stay away from these sections.
i believe that if materials at a library are found offensive and proved to be offensive, then they should be removed.
they are warping the minds of people all over, and in my opinion things should go back to the way they used to be.
this amazing device can also let you talk to people online!
our families we are so little bit of time to ourselves computer won't hurt nobody.
many can spend hours on the computer facebooking and gaming.
they start to eat too much and later they become very lazy.
maybe try looking at a a few pages of a book you once heard about.
now my second reason is spending time with your fromily.
in a way it is but it is taking away social skills that we will need later on.
it was a lovely evening.
lets say a family is planning a vocation to .
ambition has the top priority in the life of every man.
the leading cause for this low number?
everyone has things that would offend them, whether they admit it or not.
but some books are written by people with the actual beliefs they write about.
whenever i have spare time, i go to my small garden.
another problem that computers give you is being non social.
they are used as medicine.
i think some parents take it over the top with whats inapropriet and what's not.
dear , people acknowledge the great advances that computers give us, but they also put us at disadvantages.
the time spent on computers is getting outragous!
computers have had a negative impact on society.
it had the word in there a lot.
buses are always overcrowded during peak times.
in conclusion i do not beleive that materials in libraries should be censored or removed from shelves.
dear editor of the , is true that more and more people use computers, which in sure you're aware of, but is really nessesary.
dear local newspaper i ting that computers are good because u get to learn about other people like famous people that deid a long time ago.
but should libraries take them off the shelves because of this matter?
so to sum it all up, you can get school work done.
all they need to do is select the items they wish to purchase and await for its arrival a few days later.
in my own opinion i think that people should get less time on computers more time exercising, enjoying, nature, and interacting with family and friends.
then after a while you get addicted and won't stop playing.
some one you knkow or someone you don't.
i do it all the time.
in addition my second reason on why i agree is because students need to put more time and effort into school.
there's a lot more in store so keep reading on.
computers are definatly a great way to communicate with friends and family.
for example some people might have yet not heard the warter falls, trails, or food's from .
tens of thousands of stamp dealers supply them with stamps along with stamps albums, catalogues and other publications.
dear , i am writing to express my opinion on computers benefit to society.
since humankind has had writing we became more intelligent, taking books off all of the shelves would revert us to primitive beings.
i didn't really want to do anything but go on the net.
kids them even teens and adults love.
so why is there a question on including new knowledge?
knowledge of suicide is also something i think should be available.
""even though i still use books,"" college student, said.
the computer can teach you about any career, or regular job that you would need to learn about in just minutes, if needed?
this could be a good thing but mostly its unnatral.
she makes sure all books are returned to the library on time.
for example, some material in the library not be best for small children to read or view.
people must be able to communicate as well people do not communicate with each other.
a can help anyone from talking to someone to helping a student with science.
as a whole is known as an obese country.
your popley thinking that the kids already some there friend at school but what their moved.
respectively, computers are resource for a millions of pages information.
read on so i could let you know how and why these things about the computer are helpful.
if not, you're in trouble.
dear local newspaper, home computers is a good thing for many reasons.
most people use computers effectively.
they use their tail for swimming.
the computer can also teach you hand-eye.
last but not least, you have to watch out for your health.
computers help the society a great deal.
so this are some reason why many people decide to be on computer.
having bad pictures in a book or magazine can be bad for the kids and even the young ones like us because many young teens can get bad censorship.
we cannot let this continue.
they are a great inovation in technolegy.
i think that there are some people out there, for example myself, who like to watch movies and read books about slavery, the holocaust, etc.
just get off that computer!
some computers cost a lot money like, , or and even more than , or it depend witch one they get.
when you talk to people online, you get to know them better and they tell you things that they dont want others to know.
where will it end?
dear newspaper, computers are everywhere in our nation.
dear , the age of the computer is upon us.
he dusts the principal’s office and the staff room.
i'm asking the newspaper to help us to fight for what the libraries should have on there shelf for our young people and are children's.
some people believe that a movie or song needs to be removed, but others disagree, and nobody wants the things they enjoy to be taken away.
computers is the main invention that most likely everyone uses.
this could make some satisfying results.
i do not think that cencorship should be enforced more than it already is.
censorship in libraries is not as needed as most people think.
dear readers, computers have a large presence in the world today.
thank you for reading this letter, once again computers are good for the study!
you can learn skill from book, tv and computers.
so why have censorship in libraries.
we would need a computer to type it to make it looks better.
obessity is a huge problem in the are the numbers keep increasing drasticlly.
they teach hand-eye coordination.
do computers society?
""but"" they dnt get time to be with them, because they are always on the computer.
hence, it is essential to bring an awareness of computers among the common people.
if you were to take them out, you would be left with very few, if any books.
there are numerous ways in which the increasing rate of computer use does not benefit society.
having to pay to travel.
people take that aspect to the next level to where they are getting hurt.
without the computer you would have to visit not knowing what shot to take for sickness they have.
when you were in school, do you remember your ""best-friend-for-life?""
people make a living listeing to music and cerating it for others.
i remember , i grabred my nike hightops, and my pink ipod i started jogging at a slow while listening to my favorite song.
also , reading is one of those things that we differ with each other.
if a word was close to being offensive in one person's perspective, it would be left out.
if we remove every book that someone finds offensive we will have no books on the shelves of any library.
the way talk tao people in person is not the same on line.
they only emerge from their rooms to use the bathroom and eat, scarcely resting.
not only this but people have a tendency to use this machine obsessivly.
parents should be able to know what there kinds are bout to watch is ok for there age and what not.
people are not leaving their house and not getting active.
every one is going to disagree about something in there life time.
however, yes i do believe that there are items in the library that could be censored.
let me share my expierence okay.
not only do computers help us connect with peopl, but think of how efficiant they can be.
you also don't have to worry abut spelling something wrong because computers can check you spelling and grammar.
every individual has their own right to be able to read books and absorb all the wonders and knowledge they contain.
i know nobody would want that for sure.
my next argument against computers about our bodies and minds.
computers also help us stay in touch with our family members and friends.
students can devote time to their favorite pursuits.
because if you take out one you should take out all off them.
i really hope you will consider my opinion for your article, editor of the .
these help you find long lost sibling or whom ever you want to find.
another reason is that, people can meet other people online.
for example when i don't understand some words i go to the computer type www.dictionary.com.
nine out of schools use computers on a daily basis and their community is still fine.
there is facts and fasinating pictures about different countries.
you can get directions off a computer.
more computer means lack of exercise and social interaction, you can easily be addicted, and you can lose your sense of realness.
you should go to an amusement park, ride some rides with your cousins, do something that will keep your mind off the computer.
a third way computers help out is allowing you to order anything in the world online.
some college students have to look up their assignments and how to do them on their professors web page.
normally i would have to slave over books to find something.
lila, a technology major said, " of people communicate through computers, through phones, and through mail."
whenever someone needs to know something, they just google it.
i'm pretty sure they don't care right now but the computer will help them out.
they are very convienent when you need to speak with someone all the way in for busieness and don't want to travel.
i'm here to say i don't feel that is the way to go about things , because it can influence your children to do inappropriate things .
have you ever read or seen something that u took offense to you or others?
most computers caust up to for the computer and installing.
writing is an art form and censoring what an author writes could obscure their message.
people can do grocery shopping from the home they can order pizza online and they can go shopping online.
too many teens nowadays hide in their rooms and play games on their computers and spend less and less time with their families.
dear : people are skeptic on whether or not computers benefit people.
well, if you have this is called sexting.
having a computer is great to play games!
you can talk to friends.
so please make te right chose and think about what computers do for us.
dear , i think that computers can be a good thing and a bed thing for many resons.
i have reasons.
most of the time it has a negative effect on people which isnt very good.
you can clearly see how we are growing less energetic, and much more careless of our time.
and that be their fought beacuse they should have parental lock up there.
lastly, i want to talk about the false imformation that given to thousands of people online.
he soon started to be out of breath more always have a high blood pressure and he started to become overweight.
over of the worlds people rely on intractive websites to comunicate with each other.
libraries should put on the shelf what people write, so that others enjoy them.
here two example of why they should be remove from the shelves music and magazines.
i think it would because some books talk about thre real deal.
i can see these questions flying through heads of great people.
lastley kids do homework on the computer and look up stuff "" related"" on the computer and the other stuff like that.
you can improve your coordination by making you stronger when you type.
if a teacher assigns a book to read and your child does not feel comfortable with it, then take it up with the teacher.
having great coordination would mean that person would exceed past anybody who do not use computers.
most people think computers are unsafe, and that be partly true.
i can see where some things in the library are very offensive and where somethings are not offensive.
as a whole computers have a huge impart on our countries technical skills.
were you ever given a school project to do, but no book has the information you want?
for example shopping addictions are a good way to blow money because it's so easy.
lastly my third and final reason on why i agree is because student absolutely do not exercise.
then, when we get a little older, we are assigned to read books for classes.
who wants to do that?
i try to spend at least three hours a day spending time with family and friends and i have good relationships with them.
you will always miss out on fun activities, then when people start talking about how much fun they had you're going to wish you were there.
one night my little brother came home with a book that he got for the library.
dear local newspaper, technology is really a fascinating thing in life is it?
sometimes i think its always good to have an anappropiate material on the shelves of stores or a library.
why do people use computars for things that they dont need?
a man tells many lies and tries to prove that he following the path of truth.
everyone has their own opinions.
you could even know a lot of new interesting stuff about nature and history you would have never known about by just stepping outside.
all great men of the world were very hard-working persons.
today are seeing going outside.
computers are a bad thing because people spend too much time on them and lose quility time with friends and family.
in conclusion, this is why they should be removed from the shelves so the children don't see them.
my two uncles live in .
if your child listens to that kind of music with all the bad words, talking about sex, drugs, alchol.
we learn keyboarding skills.
most adults think thats if they don't shelter teens then they will find all this bad stuff in music.
this is great for moms who want to get a degree but have to stay home with their children.
censorship at the library is not needed at all times.
computers could also be used for good things.
so i think that there needs to be more careful eyes in the library staff to make sure that those kind of things will never happen again.
on the computer talking to people you are going no where on the computer chatting with people it is impossible to read someones expression.
over all, addiction in everything, including computers and a horrible .
this is why computers have a positive effect on people.
emails are an example of this.
if you buy a computer your life would be more relaxing.
these are my reasons in why i believe that computers aren't bad.
its not something you want to take away it's somthing you want to look back and see how much are generations have changed from one to another
the mechanics to make the computer screen are not healthy for you!""
i hope you think the same too.
his music is just i of his life.
you can do almost anything.
i find it much more easy to use a computer for projects and i all of my friends think it is also.
is it understandable to have some books restricted to people because of their age?
one reason why computers help us is by teaching hand-eye coordination.
sometimes the job can get boring, so workers just go on the computer instead of getting things done.
instead of sitting on the computer for an hour, you could be getting your hour of exercise.
told me if your on the computer for hours on the computer for hours straight your eyes can get worst.
another way to teach hand-eye coordination is through computer games.
is very imperative that your child does go out and have fun and get exercise because then they will just be on the computers .
last reason is it can help you be organize and get a job.
everyone can learn a valuable lesson from any book, it just depends on how they interprate it.
they have websites that let book whatever kind of flights you want.
there is also no risk of anyone reading your mail.
wouldn't it just be easier to set up a video chat?
secondly, comuters are effecting the people get to go outside and enjoy nature.
online you could erase what you wrote but in person you can't.
these are all the things that computers take away from people.
these are only of the many bountiful things that a computer can do.
other games such as the , require you to think on your feet and can improve your reflexes.
, the creator of an online webcom called .
states shows of the natural disasters computer classified them.
they could play a board game, watch a movie, and much more.
the same thing accures in the question, whether or not censored items should be allowed into a public library.
just like dont judge a book by its cover.
i would go on the internet and talk to them on webcam.
for example, lets say that you want to play baseball, and you have no hand-eye coordination and you trip and and you brake something.
computers help us to find information we needed.
like watching docromentries, they are on people or what happened in our past.
since computers are used daily, especially by young adolescents, it is likely for that child to become obese.
but out of my likes i have five on the top.
but, what are they taking away from us?
it is a very horrible thing to learn.
well i jus wanted to write you this because like i stated before the censorship on the books, movies, music, magazines, ect.
computers help people with hand-eye cordination, learn about faraway places, and talk with others online.
that can save you a lot money because you don't have to pay money for postage stamps, phone calls, or plane rides to visit them.
or years ago any information you neede came from a book.
if you have kids you know you only want the best in their present & future.
i do know some people the get offened easy though.
all in all the computer is a revolutinizing device that has changes the way we shop, communicate, and find exciting entertainment.
stopping things like this will save a community from disaster and cause other good chances in life for people in need for those chances.
just think, you could even hangout with friends doring that time rather than sharing on a monitor.
materials should be organized that can easily see if they would be offensive or not.
there are some lawyers incart who use the computer to type up every word said.
they realae towhere i have been, or where i be going in my life.
it is the season of picnics and outings.
with instatn messengers like and you can converse with people around the world in real time.
we all know the websites such as facebook, myspace and .
it is a convenient and a well-paying job.
a recent study shows that people who actually went to the grand canyon could write a page essay on what they had learned.
we should always think about the results before we say or do something.
exercise is something should yet to.
no handeye cordenation, we wouldent be able to learn about far way places and we coudent online.
i pichered very tall coverd with trees.
just yesterday i had to type up a response, a free writing choice, and an entry for a history project.
this is very important because if we are social the we will get out with are friends and do stuff, wich is very important for are.
they provide books, movies, magazines, music, and computers for you to locate something you are looking for.
thats why people that enjoy to go to the library should't take things so offensive, so we don't have to censor things at the library.
dear , much do computers affect our life?
in conclusion, computers are vital in order to properly function in many situations.
the rest her family still lives in .
two, if you have a library card, you can check out books, movies, music, etc.
but we both gained something by reading the book.
when you're on a computer i just think of all the places you could , place you could be with.
i know that we cant watch their every move but we can do our best to watch what they are doing when they are in close watch.
computers should be for everyone!
it started off innocent enough.
similary, people 't waste their time on the because you start losing time.
so people who publish the newspaper i think and i hope you think to this is a good response that tells you good things about a computer.
our teacher stresses the importance of practicing at home to get your typing speed a little higher.
you name it; they got it.
this is how the computer can come in handy when you need .
computers have a positive effect on owners; since they allow easy organization and research, online socializing and better ways booking transportation.
an ideal citizen does not cheat the government.
the survey reads one in every people thoughly breathe in the beauty for at least minuests, a week.
we saw that a man was getting drowned in the lake.
a computer is constantly updated with new fact's about everything.
don't you feel bad that you let something so little ruen your live!?
if there is offensive material in their stuff then anyone can see it and it could put a negative thought in some peoples heads.
the public suffers and their own work also suffers.
depression is all over the state even the country.
in fact, you can communicate with multiple friends on the computer.
well with being able to just grab all the papers off line is easy.
even though you are talking to them you are not learning any new social skills.
i dissagre with them.
lastly, computers have a positive effect on people.
for , her family doesn't even know who she is anymore.
so i hope you take this in consideration that computer are great society.
one way that people use computers positively is by using it to be informed by news, traffic, and weather.
our society doesn't take the time to notice the cool breeze on an , or the waves crashing on a hot .
computers give easy to the internet, which has so much information it is.
newspapers are useful to everybody.
with these computers, kids with a parents permission, can use the internet to learn tons of cool facts about their place.
people need to spend less time on computers, and spending more time exercising!
with those expierences come profanity, sexuality, death, and abundant amounts of situations that the public eye might consider 'offensice'.
first, when most kids dont know an answer to question they can go on google to fing the answer.
another type of graphic novel which is often censored is the violent type.
another reson is because for learning purposes in schools and etc.
i feel that computers have a neggative effect on people.
have you ever thought of a book that should be taken off the shelf?
and not .k.
one reason i feel this way is that computers can improve hand-eye coordination and other skills.
then no one would be able to find books about their religion, and no one would benefit.
because i would!
my mother made hot tomato soup for us.
also the parents and child need to spend time together, if they are both on the computer they cant spend time together.
now since i am older my parents are starting to let me watch and read more censored things.
it is a lovely thing to be perfectly loyal to a friend.
my point is, is that she allows to take over her.
to stop them from writing their own opinionated stories is similar to the censorship of books in nazi .
people stay on computers for hours every day and don't get exercize.
the growth of computers is not something to be frowned upon, rather an achievement in technology enhancing the lives of others.
thirdly, a reason why computers arn't positive on people is because they're not interacting with other people.
as it is, adding a computer into the mix just makes it worse.
the electricity that runs computers of this radiation.
from banking to powerpoint computer with all!
my second reason is work.
but if you are smart or listen in school like me, you will know that isn't always the case.
she says that it is not right for them to sing like that and that wouldn't like it.
magazines are a bad thing for teens and children to be looking at and reading.
but, if you went online and searched , you could find the traditions, the clothing, and so much more.
computers definitly help people keep in touch.
we learned a lot from this fair.
you'll see what you will turn if you do that every.
i also use it to write conclusions for science labs.
lastly computers are beneficial to society because they entertain us.
talking to people on the web is really fun because you can se what or people are playing games with you.
kids using such foul lanuage is an issue that needs to be taken seriously.
having a computer clearly interferes with one's in real , not the "" "" of chatting with others over internet.
in conclusion i think computers have a good effect on people.
first i would like to tell about the things you can do you can play basketball, handball, hang with your friends.
also if computer access is offered to children, an adult superior visor should be near by to make sure that no explicent content is being viewed.
unforthetly, computers from that, and all we end up waiting to do is nothing.
post offices are very useful to the citizens.
they are useful to us in many ways.
it a separate fom the and children sections.
finally last and reson is because you can use it for fun games for kids.
they said ""i would much rather be on the computer than outside"" ( grader at ).
this is why i say you don't need to be on the computer.
so really, what is the problem?
you can atleast sort them all in an adult section.
also, if you are inside all the time, you wont get the healthy amount sunlight that you need, thus you have a vitamin deficiancy.
it would be one without direction, where people are left to wonder but never to express or discuss.
hard work is the key to success.
teachers can have students do projects about different countries on people and the student can easily that the information on the computer.
but excessive daily use of computers is causing doctors to see more cases of carpal tunnel crop up.
or are you going to walk over to those miserable books?
if they are over age then that's total fine.
i love to spend time with my friends and family.
all are this effect stay on the people either go places or have atheres might not be going out time their effects need to
you can make a brochure of sales and expenses, all with an easy stroke on the mouse.
having hand-eye coordination can help you out a lot in life whether in activities, school work, or jobs.
and everyone knows that if you get good grades in school, almost any job you could be qualified in?
the final and most popular way is video chat.
computers are helping people more than they are hurting them.
did you know that of employment is from the workers home, now you know.
when you don't have an e-mail address, it's very quick to make one.
they wont enjoy as much by stay on the internet.
i love to go to the market as my mother busy me goodies like candies and cakes.
reason being is that, that was their store and we had no right to remove anything.
books should be kept on the shelves for our own well-being.
the internet is also a good way to stay in contact with close friend or relative.
some teachers require you to type out essays and other don't.
i know from my personal expierences with reading books that 'yes' i have read books that have had bad language in them.
obeisity cause people to not like you or think that you are a slob.
they improve hand-eye coordination, allow people to gain and education, and gives people opportunity to communicate with others.
not only should they be exposed to some materials that are not so clean and normal but they should be introduced to things such as foreign writing.
you can get help in school work also.
dr. also says that in the last years the amount of exercise people are getting has decreased thats why people are getting fat.
nature is a beautiful thing.
computers have given us to many part to learn.
communication has evolved so much in the past years.
i do agree that people have freedom of speech, but not over everything.
if a wealthy person is not healthy, he cannot enjoy life.
but theres also other websites like sexual, games and friend sites.
my second reason is that the internat benifits a lot.
computers have even made our society.
they really make us more intelligent!
it would be the same if you asked a muslim if they would let their children read the .
now multiply that number by itself for all the people they know and multiply it again and so forth.
with the social networking sites, everyone is receiving tons of about one another.
computers are a bad habit, even though we might need them, its better safe, then sorry to do it the old fashion way.
he loves me too.
everyone was in a hurry.
with a computer you can.
i had never seen such a beautiful place, and so i was very excited.
programs that you can download make life a whole lot simpler and saves you a lot of time.
when it comes to taking items off a shelf some peole have worse judgement than other people and that can effect everyone from their bad judgement.
taking certain books off the shelves have a negative effect on people.
if that happens smaller amounts of people will come.
casue like i already said there are gonna find out about this stuff eventually.
surely, computers teach hand-eye coordination.
here's my idea to fix the problem.
this could be of people who live in the .s is obese.
i remember seeing a commercial about children & how their lives eneded up later on in life just by their computer usage as a ""tween.""
keep you kids safe is inpormant i understand your kids are going to expirects things you don't want them to.
have enough rest both mentally and physically, and have a good sleep.
dr. says that people need to be aware of this problem.
i don't think anything is, seriously is it better reading about or talking to someone in ?
i think, ther benefit society very greatly.
he goes from one street to another to sell his wares.
also when someone check out a book the librarian can warn them that the book has been tagged with a yellow sticker and its possible that it offend them.
this is very urgent situation so please be aware.
the book was about a guy who was out drinking, the guy had know other way home than to drive.
plus you can print thing out on a computer with a book you have to copy important down.
they are good at students too.
and this is true.
but that doesnt mean they would have to take off the shelf they have to grab .
their would be closer bonds with families if people stayed of the computer.
just like books and magazines, every one has their own taste in music.
parents should want to keep kids far away form certain things that appear offense.
my thirdly reason is, how to search on google or the .
lack of good food, good homes, and poverty are some of them.
no, you can go online to your schools website and click on your teachers names to see what you have for homework.
many simulation programs are used to help people in their lives.
you can use spell check and edit undo instead of having to throw away idea that you didn't like.
but i being a student of class ix, did not have to face that difficulty any more.
they willl always try to find away to get what they want.
another good reason why computer are good for people is that it helps your interact with your friends and family you can't see them.
just think, without computers people would need to write every paper by hand and we all know that can take hours.
first, computers help reach people to have better hand-eye coordination.
to see them getting gross and gaining weight from lack of exercise makes we want to help htem one should put themselves into that kind of situation.
they also give us the ability to learn.
i will help any kid as much as i can with there dreams.
computers are everywhere in fact, seven out of ten families on my street own atleast one computer in their household.
removing teh books and thangs complitly cause to much troubl so we should defntly make sure the kid is a certian age and has permsion.
they different thing to do like look up books,music,or movies you can check out the libraries.
remember these good characteristics that computers have and please don't take computers away; we need them.
for example computers.
you should have a certain amount of time on the computer and go have fun and do what you want to do except go on the computer.
even though myspace and facebook are ment for good they also have a dark side.
you can find any and everything on the internet, from math books to dictionarys and other resource books.
however, many people have proven that too much use of technology can make teens and adults addicted to the internet.
what they are told on the television is thought of to be factual, and that is what they do all day.
talk to people comunicate with them is not that hard.
this is unfair not only to any potiental reader of that book, but also the author who worked hard to write that book.
there has been a increase in a obesity in children from when computers weren't big.
computers are creating false substitutes for almost everthing, even nature.
they do not get enough exercise, and frankly, abusing computers is not good for your life, physically or socially.
most of the time that is bad because kidnappers lie about their information so that you can meet up with them and then they take you away.
dear (our local newspaper), has come to my attention that more and more people have begun to use computers.
as people dont excercise and move around alot, cause severe consequences like obesity and cancer.
children should have the right to read, listen, or watch whatever they want to because it's their life.
shows that of people in the go on the computer for help with their.
people just have to limit their time on how much they stay on the computer.
nobodys picking up the phone and calling their friends to talk.
you can't always control what children read unless you plan on going with them everywhere including college and on into their adult life.
computers have allowed over citizens to get their education right in their home at a price they can afford.
lastly , the resources that help with hand eye coordination are being used to help special-ed students get better at simple tasks at a faster pase.
this is hurting our environment!
they will say that it infensive on them on take them off.
no, the reason i say that is because if it was offensive to me,they might not be offensive to other people.
the student body would rather watch , play video games, or text than do homework.
that is why computers are so helpful.
this helps because you saw something and didn't need to see where you were moving the mouse to click on it.
and you don't have anytime, engry and such more.
face it kids even younger find ways to do things that their parents do not want them to do.
some of the awsome games featured on a computer are , cards, pinball and other great game.
what im saying is that yeah people like computers and go and talk to there friends and play games but its destroying the parents and and even families.
people take these machines for granted and assume we could live without them, but i doubt they ever realize how much we really need them.
the moment the book, and the book alone, starts causing problems is the moment anyone should intervene.
computers have a very positive effect on people.
computers have helped us write essays more efficiently & complete research assignments.
my first reason is when people get on the computer they find websites that others use.
they their friends how to type in the computer and teach them some stuff about the history.
there is an ulimeted number of websites & to cp on through to hep you with many of needs.
everybody should be able to get what they want even if it might offend others.
insted of beign on the computer just looking for stuff like myspace or facebook, but they should spend time with their families playing games like , , or .
with computors we can learn anyting, go shopping, and contact friends.
the computer should be used to talk to family and friends, homework, research, work, and you bored play some games little games on the computer.
freedom of speech and expression are two factors that are very valued, and pherhaps sometimes even overlooked in our society.
and isn't exaggerating.
in fact of people use the computer for entertainment everyday.
computers are the same as t.v.
now lets talk about something.
by always being on the computer, they won't be able to.
he will abuse of you or kill you.
finally, if we get rid of computers we will be known as a new nation.
dear , you sit down at the computer with a glass water and an afterschool snack, possibly an after work snack.
they wait and start their reports the day before their reports are due.
without computers, many people would lack hand-eye coordination.
i for one believe that using a comenter really isn't that bad.
what if that person thought it was a little quiet in his or her room?
the more we get lazy.
in the other hand if we removed a certain type of books, people would get mad and not come to the library.
is like writing a letter electronically.
people were throwing water on the fire.
many people, a days work at home, they have their own office.
if he didn't have that, he would be lost.
what i mean when i say homework is when you have to type up an easy or something.
dear , i am aware that some people think computers have a negative affect on others, but i think it's the opposite.
at home, evern on their phone.
i grow some vegetables also in my garden.
in even though you have to read and be quity and be seated.
i am the fifth child of my parents.
not only is quick and easy it's free.
i remove the previously stated graphic romance novels.
why should we care if there is censorship at all?
there fighting for a book and you don't whant that.
what can you say about that?
having the advantage to study online is great.
its like they don't care about anything else.
to catch a ball you need hand-eye coordination.
ask yourself this, how would computers have a positive effect in your life?
having a computer will also let you talk to people that are not easy to get.
you disconnect yourself from your family.
i use computers a lot.
it can help kids get their information about the person they are writing about in their report.getting information easily on the internet can also help people in other ways.
if parents do not want their child to read something then just tell the teacher or child that they cannot read the book.
libraries provide us with knowledge, entertainment, and peace.
information in books can take so long.
i certainly think computers have a positive effect on people.
it has came to my realization to find that many people would live long, lives if they could not internet will friend.
after all, it is the only way to remain free of any diseases.
that is why computers can have a negative effect on not only you, but your family and friends too.
the only thing they should be doing is homework or buisness.
the statement made by katherine paterson supports my ideals greatly; especialy 'and then we have no books on the shelf for any of us'.
i know they might not be the best reasons, but they are quite important to me.
people should use a more often.
it shouldnt be alounded because it can hurt someones feelings.
people’s hobbies differ very much according to the character of the person himself.
if a certain topic is banned for being discovered as a offensive topic then this will result in the thought being banned.
another reason of why games are bad is because you can become addicted to them, and stare at a computer screeen so long you get eye-strain.
so the more information we take off of the shelves, the less we will have in the future to help us will our problems.
when she had a question she would have to ask somebody she know.
they work long hard hours getting a book ready to be published and then someone wants to take it off the shelf becasue it offened a few people?
you can download videos, print out photographs and charge and other electronics.
well do you think?
if we say stuff right out of the offensive book, we would get in severe trouble.
if the players start disobeying the captain, there will be anarchy in the field.
i've recently read a letter from katherine paterson about censorship in libraries.
still, the question is this: will computerized technology benefit our society or crash it down?
all the good music, books, and movies well go away and the people who like them well get mad.
and how much they used computers and that it really helped them than just searching through books for a ton of information.
the more you chat on chat room to strangers, the less you will talk to your family.
before computers were made all people bad was their family.
this causes more trees to be knocked down and cut for paper.
social skills play a very important role when you are finding a job for the first time.
for one you cannot run very long, you become weak, and for kids you stop growing.
i do not believe that books should be censored.
you can learn about foreinge contrys in you living room.
, communication is a vital part using computers.
most people do not go to libraries because of that.
define these three or four words.
others disagree because it can ruin your eyes, not get exersize and lastly give your child unsafe.
in conclusion from my veiwible stand piont i dont prefer computers a magnificient way for people to spend there time on.
, a professor of the human body at states ""technology helps hand-eye.
for movies children should only whach rated movies and nothing else.
this is also true becuse of the constant charging of laptops or running of computors.
our poor environment is getting killed because no one sees the beauty of families are seeing occupy their lives most a lot up and sight against computers today!
dear newspaper, when you were a kid?
some students showed gymnastic exercises.
we cant believe everything that said on the computer .
when they are sad, mad, upset, confused, etc.
this is how websites like make billions from the words being typed into the search engine.
i feel bad because i let something so little mess up my life.
people get lazy and changes while being on the computer an mount of time, .
thats a fairly big percentage, and we don't want it to get any bigger.
right from the very early stages a dog is perhaps the only animal who has helped mankind the most.
some people thnk it's cool to be on the computer .
second, it allows people to communicate with their friends, , it helps with schoolwork and makes things much easier.
it is sad that we have to worry about these things in the first place.
just being inside just make you kinda gang weight.
i had mentioned how computers hold us back, the more time we spend; the more daylight we burn to do other things.
my opinion is that if you haven't to a friend or family member in a while you can talk to them online.
don't help.
need directions to a restaurant?
threats were found online from big websites like , & .
researching and collecting data to cure a desies to working on a machicene.
so there are some good music an bad muic you make the call.
finally people who always play video games on computers begin to lose terms of reality.
i never finished that book.
lastly, another negative effect computers have on people is there is less interactions with family and friends.
remember that the computer be great from time to time, but it can not live your life for you.
things such as computers are a main cause of lacking exercise, interaction with family and friends, and is also a possible danger to ones mental health.
it is very hard to become addicted to the .
computers are testing away people enjoying nature.
everyone has different taste in movies, music, books, etc.
also, you can have it in stuff such as you phone or in another technology related thing.
however, jobs we hering found more and more everyday from adults trying to find a decent job online.
everyone who goes to a library should have everything to there needs.
the computer is the thing that gets people addicted to something.
i would say this because there are different help programs or websites that help people in everyday life.
it is one of the wonders of the world.
parents are responsible for their children, not only when it comes to providing food and shelter, but also when their children are viewing inappropriate or offensive material.
i work with a spade and hoe every morning and evening in my small garden.
the internet has innappriate pictures and writing, unclear identification, and games.
this also helps you gain confidence because you have the courage to say something over the computer that you would't say real life.
you can go online to purchase tickets.
it can lead to all three because those are the effects of being on a computer every of the day.
anyone can use the internet to talk or chat online to get school work or to long distance friends.
even a scientist can not know everything.
once that they decide to meet in person with these strangers many things go wrong because not everyone is nice they seem through the internet.
away computers helping our economy is instead of people driving to go pay there bills, they could pay online.
going outside in the winter can make students sick and miss days of school.
wouldn' it be nice to meet up with all of you old friends from school that you don' ever see.
sombody wrote, or composed for a reason.
computers help peopel do their job.
people could also see animals, other people, the environments, and anything else they want to learn about.
a parent should not have to worry about their child coming across a book or magazine containing inappropriate things such as this.
with computers theirs no more need for long tedious hours of handwriting or seaching through books at the library.
my world cultures teacher lets us use an online textbook if we dont finished our homework in class, instead of logging around textbook.
this can become a serious problem if a person becomes too adicted to the computer.
some people think computers are an improvements to society.
computers are essential to our present day lives.
husband and i met online and we have been together for years.""
everyone in the house was safe and only one portion of the house was damaged.
i do have to say computers are a cool device but there has to be a limit.
i think the computers have helped people with their jobs.
another example is my mom, teacher, she has using the computer to email parents if the student need help or up.
people spent to much time on the computar and dont get enough exersize.
along with this people cango on any website .
if you are doing a history project and you need more information and pictures, log onto a computer and it.
dear local newspaper, my opinion on this is that people do use computer's a lot!
dear newspaper, my name is .
it makes the object harder to find and also harder for the kids to grab intrest to.
i feel people should spend time exercising, going outdoors, and spending time with friends and family.
i know that a ton of people are going to disagree with me when they read this but, i think technology is ruining some peoples lives.
americas teens are not doing homework.
computers also seem like they work of the time, but they can also be very unrelyable.
last of all, computers are for our entertainment.
by email, only a couple minutes so, you can see that computer also can provide some of safety everybody!
a good way to do that would be using email or instant messaging.
a poll even says that of people get headaches and feel tired after being on the computer.
the computer is also handy when you are going on vacation.
it also set the mood of the era, and the place, where the story is being held.
imagine if the library did not have a certain type of novel you enjoyed, would you continue to go?
that sort of crushed my reading spirit and i really never wanted to go and check out a book by myself any more.
it can solve a math problems easily with a built in calculator.
computers make life so much more convienent.
all he/she needs to do is turn on their computer and begin to work with a blink of an eye.
it appeals to the emotions of others in a way that makes them think twice about lifes decisions.
could this be the cause of obesity in ?
in conclusion, you can see how a computer can effect a person.
look at modern medicine, it would be nothing without todays technology in computers.
there are so many websites that make it fast and easy.
censorship in libraies is getting worse and worse everyday, it is in everything in books, movies, music, and magazines.
let me tell you some important facts about the computer.
with modern technology.
movies should be left rated for whom they should be rated for.
one of the many times i went to the library i was looking for a book i had read before but i could not find it.
all the books ,moives and magzines should stay on the shelves.
for example you funny keeps you laughin add on the computer you watch videos.
some others said it was a bridge created by god to connect
since most information is typed on the computer people are forgetting how to write neatly, clearly, and resonsibly.
at last they come home.
there have been a lot of books, teachers view as being educational books, that have been taken off of the shelves in libraries.
they provide commonication, teach education, and help kids learn how to balance, what do we have to lose?
people are losing jobs left and right cause their computers and internets.
example if i have a project i find the information on about people or places.
music also helps you look into your creativity which means you want to do more things such as dance, sing, or some even start to paint.
everything we see now a days is run by or has a computer.
everybody has the right to read, lisen and see whatever they want.
and they should be able to censor music beacuse peopel can be offended if they ever listen to vulgar language.
children found it entertaining and adults did nothing.
or it allows people to communicate without telephone numbers.
you can have and download musics to something or go to web sites that have musical on them.
other people not even read the offensive book.
are you just going to sit there and not listen to the president of the ?
the library doesn't intentionally insult people.
makes bissnesses and major incoperations flow.
the hot sun glaring down at you just is killing you not to book a vacation to a tropical island!
also if your inside all day then you will not get the proper excersize could be very bad you and others.
i think that both these opinions are correct.
interacting with friends & family is better than talk thru the computer.
next, computers have even more advertisements that encourage people to travel around the world.
and it is also a great way to learn information on topics and places very far off.
i take dance lessons twice a week and when i can.
now imagine what that does to your body.
like the basic theory of.
so my first reason about why computers do not benfit society is that it lets people lack exercise.
his family realized that buying him that computer was of the best ideas.
there is special software that is able to be downloaded onto your computer.
one thing that i find great is that you can watch tv.
where are the parents out there?
people everday use a computer for their work.
the kids will see more nature and be bale to learn more about animals.
they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about places and people in the world, and so much more.
and to think they would censor a story about a white lawyer trying to help someone who isn't his own race is inspiring to me, not offensive.
looking up info, learn now it's entertainment, are some or laptop they bring
are you trying to find facts for your science project?
magazines and movies provide the same amount of time, but they also aquire an unimagineable amount of money.
you can still interact with family & friends & can meet new people.
or you can find out facts.
my friends love to play with my car.
i have one more reason why i think computers benefit, not effect.
computers have enhanced communication chill likes so graetly that it's foolish to say their not beneficial to society.
the times do go outside is for simple tasks such as taking out the trash.
would you want your childern reaing about things that only know's what?
the computer sped up this process.
i talking to people.
for example, instead of using social for friends next door, go outside and play wiffle ball with them.
here instead of the songs of birds, i heard the cries of hawkers and vehicles.
prayer should spring from the heart.
this is a great way to keep in contact with other's.
electricity is used in place of coal.
books are made by the author writing down his idea's and creating a plot, some will think his idea's are offensive but not all will.
plus, some people like teachers, want to get staff off the internate for their students to learn about people and places.
some students copy in the examination.
during the spring season, we can work for more time.
kids also dislike going on trips like camping outings because they don't want to leave their computer.
this will always happen and theirs nothing we can do about it.
you can be helpful.
another soulution to this matter is that, the librarys across the nation have another labeling system like the dewey decimal system but use both.
certain books provide an escape for some teens, and even help them to confront or deal with problems in their own lives.
having a vary in books, music, movies, and magazines make what the library is, a place to learn new things, no matter the subject.
surprisingly it is true that all of the reasons are good for the time being on the computer.
with computers a business in or somewhere else in can be connected with a building in .
if you do that you will most likely have a much more balanced lifestyle.
first off, computers have caused the world a decrease in exercise.
they also have learning games on test prep fun where you can play games to help you do well on your such as comprehension clinic.
we live in a world where people are influenced by the things they read, watch, and listen to.
when your at a young age, anything can happen, while your on the computer, even worse things can happen.
computers seem to control peoples' lives and that just isn't healthy.
if you don't have good people skills then you probibly wont have alot of friends and if you need them it would probibly be over the computer.
all you have to do is search online and you could find a picture of your front yard.
there are over students at .
there should not be any style of censorship in the .
if people dont exercise for at least minutes a day, we will all become week.
you with their friends and family anymore.
the computer allows me to do everything i need.
clearly you can see why computers have positive effects on people and society.
computers can also provide a place to research for a project or statistics of the economy if needed by school, buisness, or just for recreation.
there is still more that a computer can do.
that's right, a computer the internet would have the facts you needed, so you could grade.
show that over of the american population is obese and very much so.
from past experience, when family has come over my brother has sat on the computer without even coming to say ""hello"" to anyone.
i asked ten adults if they think everyone should have to a computer and ten out of ten said ""yes.""
act now!!!
people who feel strongly about eliminating explicit material would act quickly upon this law, rather than people who are against it.
so you can easily go to your teachers website and there would be the explanation on how to do that specific lesson.
on youtube they have how to videos that show you step-by-step instructions on anything, even on news and music entertrainment.
and then they go on there computer and see that there is a ragby .
or at least try to do the same.
afterall, the internet is an amazing invention.
and you can pay your bills on the computer.
the things you can do like play games.
when a book is inappropriate for the reader, then it should not be on the shelves of the library.
this is all because technology was invented.
what if you are going on a trip but you don' know were to then you could use the beloved internet.
before i new it, school was half way over.
the computer got famase and the company made newer styles for everyone else.
so what seems to be offensive to people?
i understand that parents want to protect children.
so that is my view on the situation, people should enjoy whatever material they like.
do you want you to be lacking that positive ability in life?
also there is an application that lets you make a powerpoint if you need to make one for a project.
offensive books, music, movies, and magazines can give students and young children the wrong impact on life or their envoirment around them.
email is something that there are so many new ides.
libraries have always had interesting materials, such as, books, music, movies, and magazines, and there always will be.
after a while he started to come outside a lot mostly every day when it was nice.
they have improved our society.
there are many people that really enjoy having the ability to keep in touch this way.
i was so sad.
also when a teacher a sighs a project on someone your going to need a computer to search up information for that person.
i suppose you can infer how this turns out: one game, turns two and so on.
sometimes authors go into extensive detail to get their point across or have a book with very mature content in them.
the forerunner was moving at a tremendous speed.
another way to communicate is by video chat.
it is your choice to avoid the books that upset you, not what other people think about them.
stastics show of the people who live on their computers gain weight faster would know because as yr old i have gained a little weight because of computers.
why do we have text messaging in our computers if we have the ability to talk to our frinds in a park?
she can feed him which she ca do online.
i remember my brother was working on his project.
one of the most beneficial parts of computers is that you can find out whats happening anywhere in the world.
censorship in libraries is growing more and more gradually.
also some people have bad hand writing.
they say people are spanding to much time an computer and not on exercise.
once i was doing a report on monarch butterflys.
many people are affected negatively by computers.
, in the computers have help man kinds.
this would be useful to them because since they could not hear what people say they can read what people say through the internet.
allows you to type up anything you want for school.
it is amazing to learn that technology's greates advanvcement, the computer, can unleash such harmful effects.
to limit the time they use their computers, they would notice a positive in their life-style!
some places have made virus scans such as mcafee.
in against it and ill you why.
today she trys to get me to learn about all tech stuff.
also, people who spend their time infront of a computer screen don't inteact as much with friends and family as they nirmally would.
computers are alot worse and alot worse for real nature.
he has two pet dogs.
what do you think about computers?
many scientists use the to publish ideas and experiments.
final reason is because the interact influences violence.
when people are on the computer they spend multiple hours on it.
the computer allows you to do things without actually encountering their happenings.
people have been killed because they don't know who they are talking to.
well computers are such a great entertainment system also, have a vast information supplie, and even allow socialization with friends/ family.
road accidents are a common feature of big cities.
interact with a human being, not some graphic designed computer picture.
will read the book in her own mind while finding it in the adult section of the library far from children; this scenario is how it should be.
in addition,you can create entire presentations on a computers with surprising ease!
yes because certain things need to be removed from the shelves for example many things that don't need to be seen out in public.
for example they write going dance.
our society is just going downhill from here.
there are websites that help you find people.
dear , i as a computer user, think computers are helpfull in many ways.
we must admire their hard work.
instead of walking or driving to the library to find a book about ; they can simply go online and type in under a search engine.
in my own opin i think these kind of things thar are offensive like movies, music, and magazines should be remove.
you can find the book you want or need easy as one, two, three.
pay bills for morgiges online.
now for my third reason.
we need to know also what's going on in our daily life.
some people ran get in trouble for fooling around on the web.
mr. suresh ahluwalia is the librarian.
or endless canyons needs to enjoy nature more, computer should not be in their way.
also the longer you stay on the more you use it, and this habit forms a addiction, which might be hard to break.
they help people, educate, and connect people.
computers can help people with their homework and essays.
the kidnappers, the sellers and the owners who make the kids beg, should be given exemplary punishments.
someone else not find it offensive and might actually enjoy that reading material.
they steal the user away from the outside word.
the point i'm trying to make is that we should think about what our children's should be learn.
you can do reaserch, you can play games, and most of all, be free.
about the future and teach us how life is as an adult and ready us for the real world.
then the next week or so i got an email from him and so now we can keep in touch with each other.
i listen to music that has cuss words on the inside and i also read books with bad words and it doesnt infulence me in any kind of way.
also if you want to see the then you can search it on your computer to see what's going on.
some people like to look at photos of nature or birds on the internet, even though there's a whole forest outside.
the one thing that isn't suggested is taking a little kid to see a film that isn't rated for them.
this is reason how computers have had a negative effect on people.
computers have a negative effect on most people.
those are three of the many reasons why i think that computers are good for people and have had a positive effect.
a solution a new wonderful machine called.
books are incapable of judgment.
if we have an uncommom right such as freedom of religion, then why would we put books in our libraries that include rude comments towards different religions.
he looked at the clock and it was three a.m., he got really worried.
imagine being in the hospital because of playing on the computer.
kids often get so caught up in playing these addictive games that they don't even think of playing sports or going outside.
she told me to go to the computer lab and type it but all the computers were taken.
he has to evaluate the answer sheets of the students.
last, but certainly not least, the computer is a great resource.
without computers their's no point of music.
but more time on the computer is not neccessarily a good thing.
some people not find the same thing offending like you do everyone dont think alike.
if you need directions to a place or you want to find out more about a specific person, a computer can help you.
there are many things we can do to stop our children from watching, listening, and learning about these negative things in life.
you can run a business from your very own living room.
i say we should spend less time on the computer because children spend to much time on online games.
she has a lot of knowledge about books.
people need exercise to live.
after reading my letter i hope you agree with me.
there are many reasons why i believe that computers benefit our society.
we walked to the school compound.
i really astonishing how much education we have gained from using the computer.
dear, i think the effects that computers do on people are really positive.
the last type of entertennent is and , these allow the user to daily life or take to friends, family or relatives.
""'s nice to send emails or pictures to friends, but if you do from the computer then gets done so much faster!""
your kids spend all of their time on it talking in people or going on facebook or myspace?
but knowing that lots of people like the series, my library isn't going to do that.
criminal acts, vulgar language and more.
we should think carefully before we do something.
so you make the choice.
a second reason is it generally makes everything .
but also the people who don't the explicit would get offended and would want it off the shelves.
you can look up anything you would like to learn about and find exactly what you want.
have you been to a library and saw no books or magazines on the shelfs?
by its leg could even harm a horse or a man?
friends kids always are on the computer everyday all the time and thats not verry healthy them especialy because they're young.
the average person goes on the ten times a just to get information.
people are sitting on the computer everyday, eating, and not moving at all and gaining weight.
just like a little five-year-old doesn't need to hear cussing or using the name in vien.
some people believe can help to be more hand eye coordinated, so does playing catch.
coordination can be very hand for some people, and this can be a problem.
they have no limits.
they would be upset and disappointed about situation.
these advances in computers can also allow people to learn worldwide information.
i know that the population of uses the computer.
if we do not accept other people beliefs, we are just as prejudice as the books we are trying to censor.
movies are about the same as songs, they can't show a movie in theaters if is too graphic.
well what do you think ?
the second reason computers are benefitial to the society is because computers have educational websites.
are becoming to dependant on computers.
for example if you call someone across the world your phone bill will sky rocket.
did you know the millitary needs computers to store info, attack, keep record, and to pilot certain planes?
no, i do not believe that.
it helps you at work for a job and at school.
if everyone told what they like and don't like about a certain book.
when she got home she went and told her parents he parents said that she should go and tell the librarian.
what are you suppose to do when this problem happens time and time agian?
parents and adults do not want us growing up so fast, and yet they allow sexual, crude language movies to be on the shelves of libraries.
i believe this because.
statistics show that of teenangers have access to/and use the internet more than three times a week.
you go to a grocery store or a gas station and see magazines with inappropriate things on them.
finally, computers teach balance.
""i think exercise shoud be a part of everybody's day,"" teacher from stated.
i that if people want to use computer they can.
my last reason people should not be on the computer for a long time because some people will just seat there and eat food all day.
what is offensive to one person not be considered offensive in another persons point of view.
but what if you wanted to get more information about it.
this tends to make the people that thought it was right, not find the interest they wanted to recieve.
without computers we would have to do it old fashion style.
is not as popular anymore and doesn't have as many cool things.
computers could also hep us find more efficient way.
the policeman should be honest, polite, kind and literate to serve the people.
never, have i ran into something that was offensive to me or anyone else.
before going to sleep i brush my teeth and wish my parents ‘goodnight’.
in conclusion, computers are very handy.
computers have a major effect on social lives like going out and being confident to meet new people.
banning books can be good and also very hurtful in many reasons.
when my mom lost contact with one of new friends, regretted not spending so much time with them.
this not only helps physically, but it helps mentally too.
dear newspaper editor, computers have been a great advancement in technology, but some people think otherwise.
computers can have benefit society.
computers are stoping many people, particular the younger generations, exercising.
my first idea is sometimes people do spend to much time on the computer than usual.
but imagine how many more people would be out of work if we didn't have computers.
every in americans say missing or not seeing a family member is like letting a little piece of your heart fall off.
the reson computers are good to us is because people can use there computers for homework.
its as simple as that.
philosopher and poet state"" learn about ourselves through the discovery of others.""
imagine your life without the benifits the computer.
another reason is that you will be able to work onlone you will be able to get it done faster by going on the web.
in this post decade, the percentage of exercise was gone down and computer bills have gone up.
these websites are nothing but trouble, other than being unhealthy, teenagers all over are being cyber bullied, to the verge of suicide.
my mom does this many times a day to grab my attention and ends up calling my cell phone or i.ming me.
in my opinion i don't really think certain items should be romoved from the library.
second not that much engry.
next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other about many different things.
some people don't like computers.
when your relatives come to town that you havn't seen in a while, you don't want to spend it on the computer.
if you can ban my words, then i can ban yours and we have both lost our voice and our chance at somehow brightening the future.
another example, is that parents can make rules that their children aren't allowed to play games on the computer on certain days and/or times.
, a for , says that sites like have skyrocketed in popularity over the .
a boy named, started to have many health problems afer he had bought a computer.
books that are found offensive should not be taken off of library shelves.
also the lies that are being posted could interfear with many lives.
so i just video chatted with them.
if i could go back and change that, i would.""
on your new laptop you can go on miniclip or addicting games, both gaming websites and play games.
when the gone was about to start, the looked into the crowd for his dad.
if it wasn't for the internet, i wouldn't have known that.
exsample, one time i was looking aroung facebook and found my old bestfriend .
when ever i do my homework.
going back to first reason, "".""
thank you so much for takeng you own time to read this article i hope you would remember this article for your whole ontire life.
therefore i strongly advise not to take any books off the selves.
computers are good because they are convinent, and provide entertainment.
a man falling ill, may be cured by ordinary medicines, if given in time.
computers allow people online.
new technology, and post pictures on websites where everyone can see.
also people can learn about faraway places.
especially with fast food playing a role.
the computer is able to do so many things.
hard truth of responsible people turning into betrayers is depicted quite efficiently in this movie.
people find it easiest to buy something with the click a mouse.
people can use laptops out doors.
they've helped me my whole life.
if i were to ask anyone of you what you could find on the internet of you would say, ""anything.""
going places with your family and friends can pad to a worth wild experinse.
as you can see, computers can be a dangerous thing.
in this letter i will be explaing why you need these things, wich you cant get on the computer.
if children started to listen inapporiate music and read offense books it might affect the way they act.
lets say you have a history report the tomorrow, you forgot your history book at school, and you know nothing about the report.
this is not the case.
further more, not everything that you speculate as bad has to be bad just because you say it so.
i believe computers are a good thing for several reasons.
thanks for the conversation.
being indoors and on a computer all day long makes you really miss the outdoor activites that their are.
dear the say that people are spending too much time foucusing on the computer and not on their homework, or getting some fresh air outside.
people need fresh air, excersize for their body and to enjoy the outdoors.
we always use to send letters, but now with these sources, you don't need to much!
computers are a great thing to have.
when i need help with something, i sit at the and fb chat someone, or if their not on, i e-mail them.
dear local newspaper, i am writing this letter to you to show on how people get effected from computers.
online dictionary also have prounociation help and different langages.
afmilies also suffer from this a swell.
dear local newspaper, computers are a waste of time!
but, because more and more people are spending time on computers, this is almost impossible.
knowing this, i vehimently suggest you educate others in the benefit of technology and play your part in advancing our way of living.
some newspapers are organs of political party.
as said by people from the state .
haven't you notice that computers are help police many women in the present time?
those are all my reasons to why people should really go on computers.
so as you can tell, computers make a strong, positive impact on society.
so you sit in front of a computer doing face book or somthing whats the differents that will parshel blind you.
and if your family wants a vacation you should try out one of the programs the enternet has for travling.
i think libraries should have a different section for older, more mature people; not including children.
with the use of or a.i.m you can talk to your friends easily.
scientest have found that using the computer everyday for one hour can be enough to form a addiction.
libraries have been around for ages, most of them started out small and now are big.
this boy was jim who had been running away from master.
people spend hours at a time on the computer when they canbe exercising or doing some type of activity out doors.
he then went to south africa.
schools also are teaching us about the computer as we learn more and more things on the computer we are on the computer more and more.
i belive the technology of the computer is defidently helping out society.
""computers just make all of the information i need to knew about your brother's diabetes so easy.""
i miss my garden when i am in kuwait.
when someone plays on the computer they are not getting as much fresh air as you would outdoors.
you can use the computer but just don't stay on to long because you are missing the fun.
do we really wan't to destroy this world and lose bonding with our families?
also you miss family gatherings or leave yar friends lonley.
they are chalk full of answer and ideas that can help you.
it, too needs to be taken away if the language, sexual conduct, and criminal behavior messages are adult rated.
statistics show that around of children under years of age are obese.
i know your thinking, when your on the computer you are talking to family and friends, but it isn't the same.
so think twice about the negative comments people say about computers.
i think that library censorship is a big deal that needs to be taken into deep consideration.
have you ever hopped on the computer and played a game?
the butterflies make our home-gardens beautiful and help in the pollination of flowers.
it also helps us do better on projects.
this is why computers don't harm people, they help.
if you see the mark and you dont want to look at it then you dont have too.
this can help many people who are working most of the day, because they can get their degree in their.
i do not think stores including libraries should sell albums of 's rap artists because all the talk about is drugs, sex, and girls.
my point is, that can happen to you let me change that to everyone in the world.
typing helps you if you want to become a secretary or even a newspaper editor.
this is the never go out and smell fresh air & see how beautiful the rainforest really is.
computers are great for keeping in touch with family and friends at a distance!
i once spent hours on my computer on .
there's one player, two player, and party .
for example the first computer that came out was this huge block that when you did something on it you would put in cardboard card.
computers can be time consuming.
people can now see things go on in your info whereever want.
there is nothing wrong with learning about negative things because that teaches people lessons so they know or not to do if in that situation.
not everyone is going to think alike.
when you type with a keyboard, you have to know where each letter is.
did you know what they are over one million of these kinds of websites?
so i think that computers are the best thing that we ever invented or who ever do.
mostly any job along with sports requires hand-eye coordination.
books and encyclopedias are great sources but the computer has so much to offer.
there are many healthier things you can absorp yourself in.
most are lazy.
goes on to say that being on a computer for most of the day and not exercising is what contributes ti unhealthiness.
first comes censorship along with its totalitarian prowess, second comes the downfall of humanity.
we can't censor music because everyone has different types and genres that they like.
honestly, if it's really that bad to you they won't remember it the next day.
the next kind of books that i think is offensive is books because their are lots of story that are in their that we dont read.
the could be years of to enter the room.
the computer was just one huge leap forward for eduication.
this means some people prefer to write than type.
in my opinion it would almost be impossible for these authors/ directors to make a unoffensive book or movie for everyone that is going to read or watch it.
i personally would way rather be outside playing baseball and getting fit then being inside on the computer getting fat.
that would be like someone removing something from a store i like meaning i'd never get to see it and i wouldn't want that.
do computers really benifit society?
one cold, wintery .
so you eyes are beter their seeing nothing.
i can't imagine life without them.
it is amazing how fast information can travel from the world wide web to your computer.
also you can go on cyber school or take college classes online.
you can play a game for hours and not notice how much time has passed by.
whether it is because it helps people get their work done.
lastly, computers have a negative effect because we rely on them too much!
i believe that books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be removed from the library shelves.
finally, they would check airports for flights going to and from .
that type of book, however, should not be found in the library.
also, you can learn more about people, places, cultures and much more.
dear local newspaper i raed ur argument on the computers and i think they are a positive effect on people.
later that day my and i were at school reading our books she came up to me in the hallway.
my family always does stuff together like board games and what not.
who would want to miss this?
computers make people get less exercise, they kill brain cells, and they can ruin your lifestyle.
by typing or even just clicking the mouse, students are bettering their coordination.
nasa runs completely by computers.
no, i do not agree with taking them off the shelves because people could easily over look them and not read them.
computers can be very helpful to students as well as teachers.
when people don't exercise because they are busy always doing something else less important, then you would always be tired.
computer link the world together and greatly advance communication positively.
there are tons of great books or movies that could be found offensive and to take them off the shelf would make them less known.
we should not.
however, i beleive this is not somthing to be excited about.
computers attract people and same sit at the computer for hours at a time what about excersising or enjoying the outdoors?
they would not knwo there profits .
that is why i think that you can work on the computer.
we can communicate with others using computers.
i hope that i convinced you to like computers more and think that they are great and have a positive effect on people.
you sit at the computer screen maybe you can watch someone else enjoying the great, relaxing experience you shoud have.
well i do not believe it is a good technology in our generation.
it's hard to judge certain materials because some might find it acceptable while others might not.
that is why computers are so positive.
there are also many more than what i listed.
we develop through our teachings and grow through our surroundings.
if certain forms of art are censored individuals will never be able to find that form of interest in certain subjects.
students would better understand the content they are and when they go to school, they would already know it.
""the simulations we have invested in have improved combat effectevness by over "" stated general of the . ""
besides, for personal usage, computers are highly beneficial.
i think people should get their schoolwork done and get off.
these are three reasons why i think computers are a good thing.
and here's how gonna convince you.
last, we wont be wasting gas on are cars because we are using computers.
""i'm sorry , my computer crashed.""
when an author writes a childrens book, it is meant for a child to read, not an adult.
that's because of computers.
ive gone countless time to find for an essay with the limited textbooks have just isnt what you need.
computers are verry helpful tools in every day life.
i believe that they should not be pulled off of the shelf if they are found to be offensive.
when a person is typing they are using their hands to type while looking at the monitor for the letters.
thankfully, i stoped my addiction before it got to serious, but many others like could and will be absorbed by the computers.
the only thing the have a some pictures, gossip, facts, and some stories that might peak your interest.
a way to help with this problem is to move offensive material to a higher shelf.
that way you don't miss work and you still get your schooling.
first and foremost computers are effecting us positively expesally when it comes to finding and talking to family and friends.
henceforth, i believe that computers serve a positive advancement in technology and its effect on people are rather great.
i think that computers don't always benefit society.
in our public libraries, all books and movies are settled into one place for everyone to have the ability to check out.
teachers can even post notes on school websites of homework, when projects are , ext.
yes, people these days are affect by the internet greatly.
this static state is a new phenomena that is aquiring major health problems.
they have unprofessional websites, they are not helpful when it comes to excercise, and they disturb individuals privacy.
i can also get more things done faster by getting the internet and going on it because i can do reaserch and copie and past stuff off the internet.
in fact, i was required to read it for school.
at first it wont be easy but its worth it in the long run.
the additon of online chat to computers has not only increased computer usage but doubled it.
we even use computers in libraries why the library.
for example , say you have a research project and you need to look someone up, you go on the computer and you got him.
when i'm a im going to make sure i have enough money to buy it.
computers aren't safe for anyone or anything.
many people do not like a policeman because he is rough.
he has great civic sense.
computers made that event possible.
this camp is pritty much known as reliable for kids that are addicted to the computer.
the internet is a great source for reviews and ratings of books.
parents have to set a good example for kids.
over of the families in our town own at least one computer.
i think people should have more ideas.
when we walked in the doors to the library the librarian was sitting at her desk she asked us if we needed any help.
there are many online programs that teach how to type.
a computer is a necessity in todays society, & to go against it is a proposterous motion.
all you have to do is type the place you want and boom there it is.
the first reason why i believe this, is because one a lot of schools will need them for students, to do projects.
i computer dont to are the same as being with the person.
to read them well thats what i thought.
what would i read?
can you imagine never actually seeing or hearing the person you're talking to?
some can be offensive to someone's race or religion.
people depend on them a lot but same people disagree.
also, you can forget the steps of how to do something on your project or homework, so you check online!
my third reason is because their get computer there get they dont and not could that they dont get no education for being in the computer.
there are websites soldy devoted to history and information on many things.
i need to use a computer to type up home work, because as you can see, my hand writing isn' the neatest.
just becuase we might not like it doesnt mean theirs somebodyout there that do.
would you be able to about from you living rooms without computers.
population has a computer, and check email or go on the computer every ten minutes.
people are it more to talk to physically, and might even be using terms like """" and """" instead of works.
if you use a computer to get research done than you can be done sooner than you know it.
but at times people can become to obsesed with them.
computers not only give us knowledge but they give over half us catch the members of society that do wrong.
computers are part of everyday life and needs to be told about.
to find out whats going on, but not all of it you will want/need to know.
people will get to addicted and be lazy.
second, it would take a lot away from history.
i am writing this article to inform you on how most people are spending their time an computers.
then their are a lot of people who find those subjects very intersting and like to study it.
even in school systems, librarians are there to guide kids to read good books.
however, computers have revelotivizied they way we live our lives.
that is how it should go.
computers help you a lot if you need help on histicoral, scientific, and facts.
computers are a good source to have, now that is just my opinion.
computers are an important communication technology.
what about your health?
there have been many of people say 'if you don't like it then don't listen to it'.
distracting games are a waste of time and cause stress.
plus fathers or moms in the military can talk with their kids.
sports also build hand and eye coordination just like if your sitting on the couch using a computer.
another negative computers is that it not only affects an individual but possildy an entire family!
just non-hurtful things.
books also that talk about drugs and people dont wanna hear or read about that it.
it will benefit your way of communication and your way of getting information.
some movies even show people having sex.
it also gets harder as you go, getting from just three letter words to five letter words to even seven letter words and so on.
say if you have an extremely big test/report due tomorrow, you can study for online.
now when you go back to school you can brag and say "" you know,?""
computers are one of the most popular entertainment sources.
people could also use less fossil.
people sit inside all day instead of going outside to enjoy nature.
meaning that the less you excersise, the less active you are.
for example my friend said her school didn't use paper and uses computers.
another reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches you skills and updates you on information.
sure, the computer be the quicker or ""easy way "" in some cases, but maybe what people need is a challenge.
they have to depend upon themselves.
there's so many reasons way the're always on.
lastly, computers let you shop online and lead to a better shopping experience.
the issue that is going around is computers have good effects on people or bad ones.
of all my reason that computers are bed, this is by far the most disturbing.
kids need to regain healthyness before it's too late!
to this very day people have become very addicted to computers.
i don't understand why parents let them be exposed to that unecessary stuff
hand-eye coordination is something that must people have, but for those who don't the computers help out in many reasons.
the authors of the books or items did not.
it was a wonderful book.
obesity is also a big issue.
they make fun of the and alot of the other people that are in office, but you dont see them complaining about it.
it's not just a pass of time like people say it is.
dear newspaper, i think that computers have a lot of effect on people their not getting the exercis they need coz there just exercising there fingers.
dont you feel bad for those people who are stuck being ovwrsized for there whole life because of these habits?
i think that you as a parent or adult should be warned about certain behaviors during a moive.
your computer can't get you through the emotional pain if losing a loved one.
not having these books up on the shelves, means no one can read them.
amazingly, computers allow doctors and nurses to look at patients in a whole new way.
first, learning about different cultures helps the world stay together.
instead of drawing it, the internet can save time and effort.
in fact, "" of computer users are more coordinated throught their day, opposed to people who don't own a computer.""
they benefit not only the community but the whole world!
if censor material then you are going against the first amendment, of .
dear , name us from , .
that they now go on the computer.
milch cows have shown better yield of milk due to music i like michael jackson the most.
he plays different games with me and also helps me with my homework.
i truly feel bad for that person, then again it could be fixed.
also, many people use e-mail because its very easy and you can send documents to others.
we all enjoy having the freedom to read, listen, and watch what we like.
lets say you have to do taxes online because your cripplede () so you might wanna www.
thos are reasons as to why i disagree.
without them, there would be no books for anybody to read.
you cant get mad at a book or a movie so just learn from them.
a book would probably take up more time and you get less information.
the only movement that occurs while on a computer is the tiny flick of a finger as it clicks the mouse button.
one of the many ways is, they teach you hand eye coordination.
they fine begging easier and more profitable.
if they took all inappropriate books out of they library.
the best thing about researching is that, there are endless amounts of websitees that have information for us to look at, and enjoy.
he also rides the galloping horses.
though it is not very big, one can buy almost everything there.
it's always very fun to do things on the computer that you enjoy, and not have to research all the time.
we 't take away a book someone might like.
can you imagine being able to learn about people in faraway places, their cultures, ethicities and relgion?
it was completely dark. '
websits and e-mail helps you keep intouch with anyone around the world.
all websites that can stay in contact with your best friends.
there are some reasons to which i am saying this.
it brings them together and helps them reconnect with each other.
the doctors advise patients to take at least two glasses of milk every day.
this is why chatting is the best setting.
i'm sure there are people in this world who think horror movies are wrong.
they will have to work harder to satisfy the difficulties that you seem to be having with the library.
there immune system making the risk of getting sick greater.
the library is known to be a place full of dreams and imagination.
, i think we have a problem.
having things censored ruins a lot of things, the fact that its was made that way it should be kept that way.
a lot of people are on the computer for about the whole day.
total censorship, i feel, would not allow for people to broaden their minds.
my last reason is people could miss out on fun activities, with family or friends like going swimming in the or sleding in the winter.
the computers have gone to far now.
in many libraries, some books are not censored and catagorized the way they should.
all my friends were also invited.i was very happy to see them.
he is a businessman.
third, it helps with school and work.
so why waste time trying to fight to get off the shelves when 's really you the only person worried about ?'
one is that people are not spending any time in nature!
i do not like to go on the computer bat their are so many reasons why computers affect alot of children and some adults in this generation.
just in the i had to type on english, essay and a fluently paragraph.
i had one of my best friends move across the country, all the way to !
what are you to do?
they do not communicate as much with the rest of the household and that does not make a big, happy family.
they distract people alot.
then it comes up in about seconds with around links to websites to help you out.
i say we just let it be, and let people be happy
i resolved never again to travel by overcrowded bus if i could.
you can just his name and hundreds of different websites using will came.
in addition, many people sit in a tence like state while at the computer, blocking out any outside communication.
virtual sports be fun, but they keep you from the real ones.
so if you need a computer for school or work stay on task!
well, when does someone have a right to take a song off the air or pull a book permanently from a shelf?
trust me it's much easier than reading all those types of books when you have a computer.
then the other guy walked up with two of the books that was over there in the farm section of that library.
it is the responsibility of the parent to censor what their child takes off the shelf.
you use the computer to do homework or to search a a stores etc.
they have been dating for months.
if a parent gives a child unlimited access to material at a library, then the child should be able to explore wherever their curiosity takes them.
with computers, you can use search engines like, google, yahoo, ask, and so many more.
consumers can read the review first and then decide whether to check it out or not.
adiction can draw anyone in against their willpower.
try and change what the reader might think about that time.
i have an that went to and is now in , and we sometimes talk to him over chat when he was in .
parents who have only daughters go on producing children until they have a son.
and who are we to decide what a person decides to educate themselves about?
dear , i think computers are a great tool for everyone if they use it right.
if we are lucky to have a noble friend, he will save us from all our depressions.
if you have a long distance friend or family member, there are how many ways to talk to them.
now and day people are using social networking sites like and to talk with people far away.
i say that because if wasn't the computers we wouldn't have as much knowledge about other contries like we do now.
using computers has been very helpful to our society.
she can simply type the question in on her computer and get hundreds of answers.
no waiting involved!
with all thoughs they talk about sex and volints.
thats possible with a computer, and you don't even need a deck of cards!
besides practically unlimited information, you can stay in touch with your family using .
i think that certain materials should not be a problem if the librarians can keep a closer eye on what their reading.
honestly some people are more mature than others and grow up faster.
additionally, people all around the world have become addicted to the internet.
this just isn't healthy for our envierment and people.
they must know that they are some people they have to be mindfull of, and people who are educating them on .
i believe that they are a good thing in our lives and have made a drastic, but great impact.
his survey showed that out the people questioned spent hours a day watching , spent hours on the computer, spent hours reading and spent hours excersising.
even peoplr that have hurtful or hateful comments to say about you.
it's better than listening to the radio because sometimes you don't like the song that's giving.
computers allow people to chat/voice chat/video chat with family members in other countries that would be very expensive or impossible over the phone.
he was freaking out.
computers are very important to people who work with them.
because censorship is contraversal there are many different thoughts on the subject.
all of can happen from staying off of computers.
by banning these works of art you are banning individuality as a whole.
computers allow you to go on game sites, watch videos or movies or play on online game on just a regular game.
not everyone finds these things offensive and they should not be taken off the shelves because a few people do not agree with them.
the key word in that fraise is ""can"".
surely you'll need information, but the library is closed.
i personally beleive that if something is seen as volgure and offence it shouldnt be displayed.
what could be wrong with that?
libraries offer a large range of materials and this allows people to express themselves and find entertainment.
it stores water and food in the hump.
sure, it is still okay to surf the web.
first off if you're taking you want to learn about where you are going.
dear residents of , has come to my attention that there has been some controversy about whether or not computers are a good thing and/or helpful to society.
many find books boring but it will help in the long .
in the distance, a fox playfully chases a butterfly.
now music is one thing that is offensive should not be takn off the shelves.
if you don't have a good hand-eye cordnation you should get a computer because it will help a lot.
in conclusion, i think all books should stay on the shelves because all people have different interest and opinions.
in my personal opinion i believe the parent figure is right, although i also can understand the opposing opinion.
a person who leads a good life is a gentlemen.
if thats the case then watch it but just know its your own choice to.
my reasons are first people like certain books and should be able to get what ever they want.
and it is a verry scarry topic to think about.
should certain materials be removed from our library shelves just because it has uncensored materials inside of it?
this is helpful because if we don't know this information we could plagiarize and plagiarism is illegal.
i think that the books, movies, magazines, etc.
new things like the new ipod nano with camra be invend and you would of not known.
to whom it concern, the 's ware the beginning of a new age, computers had just come out and were mezmericing people with its intelet.
computers are a optional thing for people to use in their own time required to do.
okay, to me, people are way to moral in the modern world, i was taught that if you have a problem keep it to yourself.
well that needs to change.
my relatives live very far away and we can't afford the long distance phone call charge and so we e-mail them.
as a kid myself, i love to be on the computer.
while reducing our social life, our computer hours are becoming more important, and are distracting what's mos important.
'i can't let my young niece watch ', i thought silently to myself.
next the benefits it has to society is people can learn things online.
once your child finally cooperates they will get the to use the computer.
having a computer around your house is so helpfull, you can have fun but your even learning how to be good with technology at the same time.
these are all ways that computers have a negative affect on peoples lives.
it was about the .
lastly, finding information, is so easy with a .
he could just on the computer and play a game of soccer even though he has a broken leg.
this is not a nice word in our day and time.
but thanks to computers life is one step easier if someone had a science project.
how can you survive?
a small boy had separated from his parents.
with instant messaging or email of even blackboard, a new teacher-student communication site, computers are often being used for communication.
in conclusion, being online too often is abusing our social, health, and taking up too much of our lives.
they should be read the way that the author intended for to be read.
in life there are many things that can offend people but thats life, you have to learn to let those things go.
the best way is to play lots of education video games.
this is true, and i strongly encourage people to go outside and do an activity as opposed to playing on the computer.
this proves that it takes away time outside alone with exercise.
in the world, there are just some things that our children should not be exposed to.
you can also do your homework neatly on the computer if you have a messy handwriting.
and because he misses so many days a school year he usually keep bad grades.
had suddenly lost interest in exercise and spend his whole day checking his e-mail instead of training.
they think that killing someone is ok and you can get away with it.
since all they talk about in the media is sex, sex articles would probably be in the magazines.
there are many painters in our history that painted naked womans many people find that offensive.
now that i am older, i realize why my mom wouldn't want me to be reading a book like that at that age.
times are changing fast and the sources of the worlds history and school subjects can easily be found in the corner of the internet.
computers is a great tool to use while you are doing your homework.
now think about global warming.
your whole job depends on the computer and typing.
says if we use comptuers instead newspapers the trees we cut down each year will be save.
go ourside, enjoy nature.
censoring certain things a library would not be that good of an idea.
first example of why i think computers are usefull is they help you if you need facts about a person.
i also know computers can or will help people all around the world.
in my opinion, computers have a positive effect on people.
computers can help find ways to do many things such as better medical treatments, more efficient travel and even every day life.
another reason why a computer is not needed is many people neglect pure nature.
many kids, or even adults, spend precious family time playing the sims creating their own ideal family.
lastly, it distracts kids from household chores.
i once had to do a class project on and got a just by using a computer, people can look up information on countries for pleasure too.
my first reason why i believe computers have a positive effect on people is because it gives you the ability to talk to other people online.
year old author states "" computer helps me type writing a lot faster and it is done right more importantly.""
i have a small beautiful garden at my home.
there are also websites that you can use for studying.
why i dont agree that people should be in ther computer more their doing things better in life.
planing a vacation is a trough job to do, but what if that job could all take place in our sport?
what if the library didn't have censored books, what would i be reading?
the internet allows us to communicate with friends, family, and more people around the globe!
in fact, a study that took place from to to see the long lasting terms computer overuse had some shocking results.
in conclusion, i believe the computer is great need for our society.
if the world would just get over the harsh things of the books we can all come up with a solution.
you can go out for your schools basketball team or run distances in cross country.
they found two boxes in the adjacent park.
my parents didn't have computers when they were little and they say that they enjoyed running around their neighborhoods playing sports and other fun activities.
now wkids just easy.
so who gets their way in this little arguement?
in a local primary school, students have begun to "" to learn"", a program that promotes quick typing.
give your computer a break.
it can be very unhealthy for someone, and not just teenagers, to use the computer for an extended amount of time than they should.
in that case, why censor certain things that people are interested in, or even things to research, in libraries?
its easy and free way to talk to anyone you know whenever you want.
try to memorize the schedule.
about nine out or ten kids won't know the assignment when they get home that night.
it seems to give people to boost up their style and ways to act, such as music as the number one offensive material.
imagine our beautiful town filled with unhealthy, lazy, noninteracting and addicted people.
reading books on philosophy, religion, anthropology, world history and literature is my last liking.
and movies, and do business.
instead you can exercise.
computers are much faster than having to go down to local library and look for a book that has the information you need.
think twice about how close you sit from the computer.
everyone has their own personality with likes and dislikes.
lots of kids and teens go online to make new friends.
back to the point if people thinks a book is offensive to them then they don' need to pick it up!
i'm offended by the rape scences in movies but some people believe in some situations it makes a movie better.
if people are sitting infront of a all day there will be much moreover people.
i encourage you to continue reading to hear my wonderful and strategic ideas.
my father assured me that one day we will definitely fly to another city in one of those airplanes.
then the father keeps trying, thats good parenting to try to step it right when the child starts to go straight to the computer.
personally, the sim are my favorite.
i had an opportunity to see a snake charmerand his snakes a monthago.
they try to rush their life and be somebody they not meant to be.
jobs will have more computers and touch screen devises because they are easier and more technologicly advanced.
dear newspaper company, more and more people use computers each day.
but above all, there are too many petafiles online preying on young children.
naother positive way is you can instant message friends and family without having to wait so long for a response back.
if i'm looking for a funny video just for a good laugh, then the internet can find me one!
i think we should keep improving technolgy on computers.
i understand that are wanting to read about famous and what's new with them.
but if you dont thats fine too.
she thought that maybe i would think what i see on is not a bad thing .
people have many different views when it comes to these things.
just because you find offensive doesn't mean someone else does.
i know a kid named who was playing on the computer when his friend called and invited him over.
first, computers have become a vital part of education and research a like.
the use of computers has been increasing since personal computers were invented.
the same way goes for a magazine also.
we see and hear them in everyday life, no matter where you be.
for final reason, computers are positive because you could gain hand-eye corrdination, brother, , loves, and i mean obssesive love, loves video games.
read more to find out how the internet is good for society.
every wants to get their extra weight off, but they can' because the want to check website or talk to their friends.
there were people from different states and different areas of the train.
schools are the backbone of society.
this can be stopped if we all join together.
as katherine paterson once said,'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children...take off the shelf.
either way your learning.
fighting fire with fire only makes a larger fire.
teachers always have there homeworks listed on a school web page.
eventually, everyone sees or hears offensive things.
people who spend more than one hour on the computer are involved in , , or playing a computer game.
first of all, computers have really progressed from the old type writer we used to have.
another problem is side effects.
i believe that everyone has different opinions but just because one person complains it doesn't mean it has to ruin it for everyone.
so often today do we hear of books, magazines, and numerous other resources in libraries being banned because of unpopular views.
also, it helps them keep track of their company if they go on a vacation.
so if you do not want to see or your kids to see the offensive books and movies you should make sure not to go in the adult section.
censorship only causes curiosity.
you have used amazon, ebay or overstock, you know what i'm talking about you can buy almost anything online.
it should be a place were people should feel free and relieved from any stress.
instead you can look up the facts you need online.
if somebody chooses to be on the computer instead of spending time with their family well thats their choice and problem not the computers.
i know you be thinking taht they can just go to someone to teach them but no one wants to pay money for something you can get free online.
they are out in the world and and there is nothing that you can do to stop it.
this is both good and bad.
children should be outside getting bigger muscle, getting strong bones.
my opinial is that computer are good.
movies could also get kids to be bullies.
computers are sure to be our future.
computers can teach children by showing them new words, colors shapes and sizes.
computers stop us from exercising, interacting with nature, and being with our families.
lastly, you can just plain talk.
well the internet is a great way to do this.
we want them to be apart of our big events.
computers are very nifly to have around!
we are all entitled to our own opinion.
or maybe you weren't affected at all?
teens relieve a lot of stress on the web.
readers, imagine a world without computer.
my opinion is that they give you a very positive effect.
the fact of the matter is that people or parents get to offended or complain cause there little said a curse word in front of them.
i think you should consider less computer time.
we can meet new people, learn new places, and talk to friends.
people most definately need to get off the computer and exercise more.
exsample, a secretary doctor has to be able to give and to change appointments.
this has happend to many people.
libraries should sensor certain things and not allow students below high school to read them.
no, i do not believe that anything should be taken out of a library because someone thinks it's offensive.
i think that there should be a law that does not allow offencive literature, music, movies etc... in libraries.
my friends say that computers are a waste time.
you probably used a computer.
"", computer expert for , ""computers offer ever more than the telephones!
fit isn't esay if your always on the computer" said the teenager.
my final reason, kids get tired from being on the computer for so long.
in conclusion, i'd like to say that (in my opinion) computers should be used a little less.
sometime's the bleed still seemeds to find it's way through.
you can also vidio chat with people on things like and .
i know i do instead of being home on the computer.
but not everybody agrees on this statement.
some people think that people use computers too much.
i think that will be very affective.
the lioness does the most of the hunting.
libraries 't remove books i would like to start off this story by stating i don't believe that libraries should remove books if they are offensive.
most books have ideas and topics that are offensive to one person or another.
usually when somebody takes something offensive they are guilty of something and know they are but will not admit it.
you can have a job in the computer business.
you think you just playing farm town or chating on facebook, but in feture you will be missing out on the beauty of nature and sports.
televisions have almost replaced the radios and transistors.
the and i thought up some great ideas while i was and we think for one week in we are going to live without any electricity!
me for example i love working and playing on the computer.
must chose to go on or rather than opening their books.
also, they argue, dont sleep and again, we don't spend anytime together!
there are way's that computer's can be really bad and really good"", they're good.
teh comkputer is suposed to be a helpful tool and used for leanring.
when young teens see violence on the computer think it's cool.
if we didn't have computers how would we talk with people without phones and spred news.
things would be so much better.
there is a drop-out rate and of those kid don't have there , so they go online to take there classes.
now if it was me, i will let someone have it that whan it.
dear i belive that computers benifit society because it is a faster and easyer way to do thing such as.
another thing you can do on the computer is communicte with others.
computers can help people learn about news in the world, places and people.
i really hope i have persuade to you that technology is only ok to use sometime and not very day.
most young adult books have cusing.
another way is through video chat.
with internet, you can do things like play games, research information, and even talk to friends and family, all through a computer.
computers can cause tragaties in families and/or in that persons's life.
if thats the case shouldn't we take all books, movies, music and magazines away from childrens schools and libraries?
we need you the people to dicide.
in my opinion when friends get to excited online they decide to start rumors about other people and it ends up being sent to almost everybody.
now that you know two ways that computers are not beneficial to society.keep reading for one rest way.
they can go on the internet and get information on with just a couple clicks of the mouse.
once, when i was visiting the library, there was a man in the check out line, right before me.
your computer ever crashed when you needed to do a big project?
sight is, most of the time your most important sense.
my views on censorship, i don't belive in any type of censorship.
so click your mouse on internet explorer and get your email.
some of the online games include world of warcraft, rune scope, and many 's games.
communicating with others has always been a great part of our lives.
are assistants, porters, ticket checkers and signalmen to help him.
the worst part is that they can just read these books while browsing, they don't actually have to check the book out.
this benifits socity because if you are talking to a buissness partner you can point to graphs and charts you made.
he helps the students to choose good books.the library is a very useful place in the school.
i can honestly say, i was supposed to choose one.
don't teacher always ask their student to look up a word or a topic on the computer?
if there wasnt a computer people would be talking to as much people and there social life would be bad making there life not as exciting.
computer usage needs to be cut down to size if we are to solve these problems.
therefore, we can learn from the media's mistakes.
it is important to know about the possible outcome and dangers before we say or do something.
the opinions differ throughout the variety of different people across .
they never take that to look at anything thats going on around them.
thats why they should have computers because it takes the attention.
no one wants to be ignorant right?
dear , in many ways computers have been very useful to the human rare.
i love the piano.
if you do not like certain magazines that they have then order magazines online.
, , , , and other wear or other compnies.
computers are the beginning to something good so don't stop something that could be even better!
just not to the point were those areas become restricted to certain age groups.
different people have different opinions on what is offensive and what is not offensive.
you dont want to be the in all this do yours ar know as the person who kept kids from living?
in almost every school all over the country, students use computers on a daily basis.
secondly, computers interfere with family and friends.
most said it was flat but later came to know that it was not.
the stories or movies, etc., that teens should really pay attention to are the edicational ones.
computers also come in handy in times of need or confusion.
most children are addicted to computer games.
therefore causing grades to go down or not complete home work on time.
movies are even worse because the picture is right there in front of their faces.
they must be able to work well with their hands to fix it.
short story about:  leo tolstoy, the great russian author
i believe that computers can a very great needed affect on you.
bt help find carrer options and life.
they macth people together.
they care about themself and that is it.
what did you use to search for this knowledge?
i like magazines.
also if we do persuassive waiting pieces.
where adults could play a game of baseball because they got their hand eye-coordination back.
more kids would be educated, so less of them would be curious enough to do any of that stuff.
for example, they could need information for a country like , , .
your family might leave you if you your life to the computer if you they you so be carfully.
even though he could get off and talk one of the only ways of talking to him are through facebook.
and three because it helps us updated on what is happening in sports or everything.
this is a very bad thing and we need to let the word out of what can happen if we don't exercise.
the word conformism means to all become one; to conform.
do you know that computers give people the ability to learn about faw away places.
computer are also great because you can video chat with friends and family.
if some people find different books offensive then they shouldn't go near those books.
everyone is exposed to offensive material through everyday life.
its a way to instantly gossip or chat with freinds.
most people don't realize how much they are missing not going outside.
introduction cingle computer in the world should have internet.
he never gets angry.
my aunt has a facebook and her friends live in she interacts with them all the time they have phones but comp.
political correctness should not take the place of our own freedom, and as long as we keep our books on their shelves, it won't
cousin lives in and the only way i can ever talk to him is through a computer.
show just look online you will find it.
i was at the time, and i rushed through my ipod to find a song ' to a ' by the .
computers are vital to us because they help our reflexes.
but, most parents don't even read it .
could use it for the , , and .
if the materials should be moved they should just be moved to a different area not off of the shelves totally.
you can enjoy nature by just takeing a look old you don't have to walkt out.
people always go on the computer and love that are an save, at their.
also save your job.
the last and final reason why this is you can get a lot out that you could use.
parents hard earned money is being wasted away on these extremely expensive computers, they can pay anywhere from !
my three supporting reasons are that if you are on the computer all the time there's a chance that you might gain weight and becom obese.
to help your brain thnk to exercise your brian.
also mom wanter to new on the dealer but was expensive so went online and bought cheaper than the would sell to us.
who is to blame for opening the book and reading it?
you could probably find one in a common household.
although we regard the donkey as a foolish creature it is
some parents don't even care about the music but it is one of the biggest influential things out.
using the internet is good for adults so they can pay taxes, work at home, and do many other beneficial things for them and their families.
i told her to try one of those on-line dating sites, she took my advice and found a lovely man.
eye protection is important.
all you will remembor is when you were on the computer, and who wants that.
it isn't, its only a bad thing when your.
my friend, was just told about facebook, and got a membership.
i feel that these books aren't innapropriate for young adults, but younger kids and pre teens should'nt be reading them.
it will always be there when they don't have anymore homework or when they finish running around the neighborhood with their friends.
many people like myself check the weather on the computer daily, making sure we are prepared or dressed appropriatly for the weather.
all you have to do is on the computer and look it up.
someone who has been a write their whole lives checks out the question, and answers ion great detail.
the censorship that i am discussing is specifically about censorship in libraries.
this is extremely dangerous and unfortunately, it does, and has happened.
the internet has a massive effect on us.
finally, computers have a positive effect on people because they help them communicate with each other.
having computers benifits our society because it allows us to learn about technology, and how to memorize when we start to type a lot.
i tell you why planning a birthday party for there child, or going to someone house for a visit like to tennessee.
nobody is forcing that person to read this book, so why make a big deal about it?
computers are slowly making people less educated.
computers are great in this aspect because they alow you to learn and experience many expensive things for.
in conclusion i would say that materials that can be offensive to anyone of any age, should be taken out of libraries.
but books cannot shout their values.
in conclusion, computers are not benifiting society.
sat in the place of the boatman and had the joy of rowing for almost ten minutes.
is it right sending sheltered teens out in the world unable to fend for themselves?
heres the controversy, many experts believe computers don't benefit society but people, such as myself, believe the exact oppositte.
but my favorite game is the hedgehog.
people can't always be reached by phone.
when that is not true do to the fact that computers have.
or listen to music there are websites for them also.
i would think that computers give a positive effect on people.
i agree with the many peole that but benefits society.
they be offensive but they teach us many things.
i can tell u who wants to do that.
in fifth grade i had to do this really hard project.
it is their discretion if they see that the child is spending to much time on the comuter and gaining weight they can easaly limit it.
but it takes alot of typing.
for example, if you work as a lawyer, you need a computer to type your documents up.
the same goes for , one learns about how to live a healthy life and this requires students to learn about the human body such as the reproductive systems.
my second reason on why i think computers are negative is some kids get cyberbullied.
should take him off the shelf because jews think it was offensive, yeah it might be but it lets people know about our history and what has happened.
that is just too much.
i know i !
you can obtain a college degree right at your house without going anywhere.
offensive materials can have big effects on children younger than at least ten years of age.
computers are a great way to get in touch with people.
also is someone aims or texts you, you really don't know how their tone is because you are not talking to them face to face.
you think that it is okay to let your child watch a movie rated , but little did you know, there is nudity in it.
what was i going to do tell a grown man to not say that?......
so how are computers harmful to society because i still don't see it.
people do have a reason to read books that are offensive.
kids wonder why they gain weight we'll if you'de get off your computer, and quit eating twinkies then you'll notice you just have to be active.
people can see animals like squirrels climbing up a tree.
last one of my best friends in the world moved all the way to .
one of the ways that computers teach hand eye coordination is throug video games and simulations.
dear , i believe that computers can be a very good thing to implement in society.
in my oponion, computers overall benefit society, helping us learn more & more every day.
instead of playing sports games on the computer you should get up and play one outside!
or new shows and music all be find.
last it can save lives computers are great, if we were to loose them.
everyone, has different thoughts about was is offensive or apropreate and whats not.
also they make it so much easier to crop and edit photos, please take my suggestions sereusly.
because without computers alot more students would be failing classes & getting zeros// 's on projects; class asignments & homework.
only youre family and friends could do that.
i guess it all depends on your view of the situation.
as very successful newspaper and people, i assume you will understand how much the computer has made a positive effect in society.
on top of that, you remember you were supposed to meet your sister today who you seen for years but you cant!
they help with everyday life, they are good for comunication.
the censorship of only things that are truely vile should be censored not the things that have nothing to do with the way that the comunities are today.
seeing politics and daily news to the weather.
it purifies my blood.
i root out the unwanted plants.
everything be offensive to you in one way, but looking from the other point of view it's a learning experience.
so she can make money so she can support her femily.
my neibor, who i have never talked too never really came out of his house he always seemed to be on his computer, and no one over.
computer , they are the replacement.
this is simply a result of bad censorship.
we remove material from our shelves at a risk to ourselves as individuals and as a society as a whole.
in conclusion libraries are very nifty and important to the town or city.
the computer has a lot of games you ran play on so it would keep you doing something.
for istance, they spend so much time on computer they have lose time to exerise, enjoy natue, and interact with friends and family.
certainly, people can learn about far away places on the computer.
games puppets and movies and easy books.
i hate when kids are tempted or forced to look at porn.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are giving bad effects on peoples lives.
computers have a very strong effect on people.
mostly every person has a computer and it does not effect there lives a lot.
can books, music, movies, and other materials be perfect for everyone?
has brought them closer together and made them better friends.
this problem is causing a huge gap in the social-wonangs of humans, and is harming them more know!
but i still feel like if they did not want there kids reading then dont let them.
on the computer, there are many settings.
i don't understand why they would have a negative effect on people.
exercising is somthing a perosn should have the ambition to do.
i have gave you my opinion and three supporting reasons why i feel the way i do which were because theft, cyberbullying, addiction.
lets say i was going to make pizza and i did not know how i would have to look on the computer how to.
why should information and knowledge be with held from people?
even if you were absent most papers i questions are on the internet so you could make end to the homework.
what would become of an army without discipline?
if somebody switched that word it could lead to it happening again.
people will know how to stay focussed with their eyes and also know how to also use their hands all at the same time.
statistics how or people help online instant or going in.
anyway you think about the computer is a good thing to invest in.
just we had to type a prompt up on vending machines in our .
music is a way for someone to release their soul.
but, where in the process do parents have control of what exactly they want their children to access.
this concept should be used the same way in these libraries where there seems to be a problem.yet this is already done in libraries.
kids need to know why they shouldn't watch those shows or read those books.
everyone has a book they have read that does that to them.
only out of websites, includes content considered ""detrimental"" to humans.
dear, play a big role in our world today.
you can't have a poor hand-eye coordination or else you won't be able to function properly.
also a computer can help you with your education.
from the experience that i have had with books that cause controversy, i have noticed myself not liking the book.
this way they will know if a newspaper is still good, and continue buying it, including the .
for example the censorship of useing the word '' in vain on television.
every book, magazine or anything in the media can send out a different message in everyones personal thoughts.
next , i am going to talk to you about making friends just with a computer.
, do you want to get taken by these child predators who know everything they need to know because of the computer?
how a man would react to a given set of circumstances or action.
a world with a full education, for our children to take advantage of and a place where we can stay with each other all the time.
after all it is a public place where anyone can go to read in peace.
obesity is one of the most brought up health problems in the world.
thank you for your time,
today in libraries there are many books of all types.
technology advances people are opened up to many possibilities suck information via the web unlimited socialization and simulations.
if a child finds something that their parents can be taken as offensive, then the library could possibly get sued and that would not be good.
the first thing about/ computers is communication.
lastly, everyone needs to enjoy nature!
hang out with the friends your already talking to online, wouldn't it be better in person?
they also have music that has explicit lyrics on the .
this feeling can never occur through the internet.
when your on a computer, your most-likely indoors.
they maybe similar to the computer but they are something you can do on the .v.
what if a group of adults enjoyed a movie that someone else thought was disturbing?
as people can see library there are circumstances where a book, movie, or magazine uncensored is very useful in getting information.
computers are a helpful interesting & even fun peace of technology.
so, it looks like access to a computer made that trip to easier.
now is the time to get up from your computer.
the kids have that right to learn our very own history and some people want to take that away.
i find this as a real problem because eventually lead to shaky or unsteady relationshops.
many people believe that computers are ruining everything, but they really aren't.
so have fun!
it also depends on a person's age and maturity level.
many books in today's libraries have offensive language.
one can not learn unless given the oppurtunity to face the problems in society and the world.
finaly if something is unavailable on a store people can shop for it online and can buy what they need, and have it shaped to their door step.
we can aslo make sure that no under age kid can go to an adult area.
think of everything you done when you write a letter.
dad said the reason she got so upset was because her mother died from aids just a year ago.
i know there are other websites like this for many other sports like basketball and foot ball.
as i said, these books, magazines, music, etc.
other mothers and fathers are the same way, as i found out.
so here is examples of these three things.
people dont go out and have fun like going to the mall with your friends.
a lot of kids are now playing video games on the computers for that time instead of exercising,"" says .
they are full of so much more information than books.
as the president he proposed
so i think that the computers are avery helpfull to people that like seaching for stuff that there curious about or to have to use it for good needs.
we also talk to our family that lives somewhre far away from the of lives here in the but in a different state.
many people are just sitting home and staying on thier computer just playing games.
cyber bullying is a bad thing about computer.
if this rapid increase in technology continues then we will see many more cases such as that one.
they console us in our sorrows.
computers save time and does a lot of work.
most schools use some or device, here at he have were all are teachers post, grades, test/quizs coming up and homework.
money be the most vital thing in our society right now.
talk to friends that they havent seen in a long time.
for example people could google each quakes and learn all about the people that has lost their life's.
you can still have fun if you not good at just for instance and friends.
when you do not interact with your family and instead of eating dinner together one persons on the computer and the others are waching .
on the other hand, someone were to be looking for and acception vacation spot recommended by locals, that information can be found as well.
now if the books are only meant to be seen by adult eyes then, yes by all means remove them.
with the newest ""sims game,"" how are kick supposed to stay fit and healthy?
i think instead of trying to deny teenagers the music the parents should explain why and let them make the decision.
you can pick from many different music videos and music.
if a person want's to be lazy, then that's their decision.
such as, talk to friends, play games, even turn off your lights!
in conclusion, i remember talking and laughing with my friends over the computer when sick so that could cheer me up.
the arguing will never end!
school another great example where society benefits from computers students and teachers use them everyday to learn.
i must admit, i am not an avid reader on my own.
having a computer is kind of like a bigger cellphone.
now we have to determin weather people should spend a lot of time on the computers.
his wife also is a very kind lady.
i see it as people opions fighting opions on removing the books.
at triputs, this girl wasnt in shape enough to stay up with the players.
in some cases the child trys to comit suicide because otherchildren are teasing them in school everyday.
when you are on the computer for one hour, how many calories do you think you're burning?
i hope teen and adult get outside from now on because it would be better for allof us and everybody would be heathly.
my eyes stink when i am on the computer for half an hour.
people are offended by many things every day in life.
why should the views of some hinder all others?
only people would think its fun to home and go on the computer for no reason.
do you want to have a smarter world?
every time you walk into a library, you are surrounded with books and other learning or reading material.
others who do not want to get the proper amount of exercise or eat right and at the same time do not want to become obeisce, to anorexia.
the atmosphere is more disciplined in a hostel than it is at home.
infact, at .org, you can take virtual tours of over different countries, including , , , and .
i personaly have been in a movie rental shop, and seen some of the movies that my parents would not want me to see.
dont overlook the negative or you could get hurt.
there are many books and movies out there that are offensive to many people.
something that i personaly use my computer for is to research a location and find history on it before i go on vacation to that place.
that just does to show how different people have different opinions; some more strict than others.
just take a few hours out of the day and ecersise.
when she teachers she explains lessons in a simple manner.
there should,however, be age limits on what some are allowed to get parent permission or .
cereals are a very important form of food for us.
computers have a positive effect on people.
usually i have a basketball game or practice i get home from practice and feel exhausled, i want to is go to .
spring has a healthy effect on the body.
either method is a great way of communication!
also, questions that have been asked can now be answered.
many libraries possess on their shelves books and magazines and even music containing explicit material, and how could you avoid it?
when people go to the libary, that means they want to learn something, or find something to intertain them.
computers teach us new things.
a large number of students come from villages, towns, and cities and they stay in a hostel.
and how long you can have the books for .
he was a guy of color and he was complaining because he read a book about slaves.
so take a stand and end this reign for good, stop the use of computers before it is too late.
they should just get rid of the book or magazine.
do you think computers have a negative effect on people?
so get out there, and change now.
my friend was having so much fun on the computer he forget to do his homework.
go learn what you want right now!
makeing friends, or doing projects.
lastly, computers make people spend less and less time with their family, and treat their computer as if the computers are .
in regards to this, readers across the globe should keep in mind why the author might target them, and avoid conflict by avoiding the material.
you can learn alot more about other countries culture and other cities way of life.
you can research people and places and or get pictures.
it doesnt matter what color your skin is, the way you look, or how you talk.
young children are often daily visitors of the library.
is one of the most popular chat groups on the internet, is another popular chat group.
many younger people are overusing computers wich leads to bad health.
they play it so much and it can mess up the and they can not focus in school.
if you know how to use it right, you'll enjoy messages from family or instant messages from friends.
many things nowadays in order to be perfect, have to be written up on the computer or you will not get the result you were hoping for.
you don't feel good and need to call work to report being sick.
they are the test of learning.
he went on the computer and researched culture, so that he can be prepared.
how do you feel?
it carries the load and draws carts.
people should see the before all natural hand is coverd by cities and factories.
families sometimes move far away from their families and friends, so they want to keep in contact.
my first reason i mentioned before was it would give us intelligence.
besides, i mentioned learinig.
abd yor can enjoy life insted be in computer.
the movies and music i think if it really offended somebody that they should have to either change the lyrics or get rid of it.
to stay in touch they email or chat.
education is very important especially in our economy today.
the next time you are in the library looking for a book ask your self one question is it to offensive to be important.
i went home with my father.
i think society is too much time in computers.
another that computers effect people is their of finding or help on their .
the world is so beautiful with so many places to see but society is too busy to see it because we're on computer for a long time.
i have written in response to the letter sent to me on the topic of electronics.
i think that they can help people with what they need.
you can play mindless video games!
dear local newspaper, computers and other technology are the best thing that ever happened to the world!
just go on webcam with him and you don't have to miss him anymore.
and you can learn new things that you have no clue about.
then the child is learning and seeing all of this hapening in a motion picture.
its like drugs they are so easy to get.
map tools says there has never been a flaw in their system.
second, i can garentuee you that almost every school in the country has a working computer with accessable internet.
you can go play sports and have fun while getting exercise.
every one is either texting someone.
i also have a religious view on all of this.
computers increases our knowlage, lets us communicate with our friends and family, teaches us hand-eye coordination, and lets us see our news faster.
some of theis thing can be good if you don't post picture or other this on your myspace or facebook.
experts say people who use computers a lot don't get outside often to interact with family, but that's false i say!
go the most convinient source, internet.
i disagree with that.
now, i'll bring to you my topic.
overal, has the least computers out of the whole world.
dear of the , has been a debate on whether modern computer activities are good for people or bad for the people.
in my opinion staying on the computer all day can cause you to miss out on outdoor activities.
my class teacher received me.
also, when you try to multitask with the internet.
dear newspaper, i feel as though internet or computers act as an advantage in sosiety rather than a problem.
it would be impossible to get rid of all of the books that offended everyone and still have books left.
i believe that computers dont because you cant get exercise if youre always on the computers and 's really hard to enjoy nature too.
when you sit in front of a computer, your eyes are on the screen.
computers help people to make better car, light, an so on.
it rids patrons of their right to choose and their freedom.
many companies make kid-friendly websites that go on.
computers in an life can help in the long run.
but hey, don't you have a computer.
why do people say they could find cures for things by looking on the computer we all know that's not true.
computers are so benifical to our life we might not be able to live without them.
it all happened in no time.
they should make a policy to allow older kids to check them out.
also, i was incouraged to eat unhealthy snacks while online.
if you had a homework assignment that you didn't understand you could look up how to do it on the internet.
that is how it goes with movies, books, music, and magazines.
should the librari be censord on the books it has on the shelvs?
in the book when they use the word it is very powerful and makes you think.
the is continuingly growing.
it seems you cannot always make everyone happy.
excersing is a very fun thing to do, you fel to go outside.
if people start to exercise at least around of lazyness will go down.
i told them 'i have as much rights too have those books on the shelve, as they have to have their books on the shelves.'
i most people would feel bad.
these past few years, computer company's have been making enormous strides allowing people to do allmost everything.
how different would our life be me right now?
researching topics can be easily accessed through a computer.
finally the obesity rate has risen from next to nothing to over in the past ten .
he can imitate actions of the other actors successfully.
then the the song dont get the money from the albums.
of wasting time on this device, people arent excersicing, enjoying nature, and spending quality time with their friends and family.
people who stay to close to there technology will be addicted to it and they will start to kill brain cells.
i certainly can't.
what happens when a child wants to know more than she does?
but interacting with family and friends, learning about things around the world and your education depends on computers.
the green leaves of absorb carbon dioxide and break it up into carbon and oxygen.
computer engineering is a job that pays you good money to fix computers.
i hope to start seeing that in the future
i know plenty of people who type their feeling because they would never dare say them a loud.
why you ask?
the nubmer one thing is that more people every year are becoming obese because they do not leave the chair they sit inside for most of the day.
the experience is not the same.
this local market has made our lives very easy as all day-to-day items are available at a comfortable distance.
the men then toss them into the raging inferno and you seem them become incinerated, lost forever.
experts say that people are starting to spend to much time on the computer and less time in the real world.
i strongly believe that the the types of topics like violence and murder should be taken off of the library shelves.
another way we use computers in school is when we have to make projects.
you should now agree with me and under stand that people should spend more time you don't get addicted and be safe.
now those same kids are smoking pot, having sex, getting girls pregnant, abortions, miscarriages, things that are not appropriate.
for example, when it snows.
hello , you think computers are having a great effect on people?
many of the parents do not want there kids to be seeing bad pictures or to check out bad movies or books.
and this language doesnt just stay online, is now now they talk.
the listeners which are people that would rather have something read to them instead of trying to read it themselves.
i sure hope you don't!
she told me that all she has to do is cry and she gets what she wants.
the computer can help reach people from a very young age good hand-eye coordination.
now imagine you being at home sprawled across your lap, all it takes is a few taps on your keyboard and bam!
but on the other hand some people do spend to much time on the computer.
if it dosen't have nothing do with learning then it shouldn't be on ther.
according to a study done at , one of the best colleges in the world, you're only burning calories.
instead of playing games on the computer at home, you could be spending time with your family in the park or the pool.
some people were standing in a queue.
computers have become the glue to friendships.
have good eyes and enjoy nature.
encouragement helps me and alot of people!
whenever a student is sick, but wants to get their homework finished, they look on their teacher's website.
you never know.
being more organized there is less stress one you start to feel better about lossing things and being able to find them.
i believe that this is not the reason our society is falling today although i agree that people spend to much time on the computor.
those who disagree with my opinion believe that spending time on the computer means less time with family and friends.
lastly, computers help students because if they need help, they can just ask one of their friends through the computer.
the technology is there.
these great qualities computers have for people are fantastic.
students then can't read a book simply because someone else didn't appprove of the content.
so, there could never be a set standard for what is acceptable and not acceptable without creating a large amount of contraversy.
censorship in school libraries is important, but at the same time it is not necessary.
computers aren't as beneficial as most think.
but this i just the begining.
it is very sad but true that kids would rather watch goofy vidoes than visit a grandparent.
some of the greatest books that are out are probably have the deepest meanings that some audiences don't prefere to listen to.
books are alphabetically arranged in these cabinets.
you could lose self confidence in yourself and not be as open as outgoind.
its color is white.
you hear the clickety-clack the keys as you write him a message, and the wooshing sound that your moniter maes when you press send.
it askes for my name, my address, my phone number and other things.
i hope you take this letter consideration.
i assure them that i understand those feelings.
being with friends and family are supposed to be the best moments of your life, so dont spend them on the computer.
he had told me he wanted to get a book about dinosuars, but i told him to get one on space and aliens.
i think that kids and adults spend to much time , twitering, doing facebook and myspace.
if libraries are going to take the material off the self that people don't like then the material that others like would be gone.
and i think benifit that.
that student did not even say ‘hello’ to me.
in my opinion i think that computers help people.
if a student learns from the internet, they're more likely to remember it because they won't be put to sleep by the boredom of a textbook.
they're just getting better everyday and it's not effecting us.
having to computers can help students to learn.
both of those things do on a computer because otherwise odds are you with of then.
- if one thinks about it books are such a magical escape from everday life.
computers inspire people to learn and see different places and lead them to something important one day.
how great is that?
are alot of things on the library shelves that you be concerned about.
then it would create a big conflict.
computers present many oppurtunities for people.
like i have stated before, there should not be any censorship in libraries at all.
my school library is a quiet place.
when the librarian told us, we were upset because us girls loved to read those books.
overall i think computers have a positive effect on society.
computers open up an all news heath and safty field.
these games can teach us many skills.
maybe you have to catch up on your nightly reading for language arts and you want start reading your goal book.
it was a movement of non-violance.
i remember the first time i tried to use the it difficult but as i tried more i got better.
the government has given people freedoms.
in conclusion, computers are hurting our society, clearly, they are unhealthy for our bodies.
for example, people play some video games wich people killing and commiting crime.
exerising is very important, that helps you with .
there are truly you can learn on the internet.
but if you play an educational game once in a while it might be ok. but then you can do something fun on the computer every so often.
with computers everything is easier.
the schools across america are using computers from grade to online colledges.
when a student forgets the homework, they can just go on their teachers online page and check what he assignment was for that night.
i think you should take my ideas into consideration and publish them for everyone.
it is amazing technology because even someone is in a different country, you can communicate with them in the click of a button.
when people spend less time exercising, enjoying nature and interacting with family and friends its a personal choice.
it grows well in warm and wet climates.
we would have to read so many books to get the information.
for instance, if my sister needed help with science, she could go online, and learn more information about it.
well i'd type!
obtain an email address, type a message, and click send.
isn't the internet great?
download a free language learning app.
this because computers do tasks such as helps research, communicating with others, and has fun games and websites.
in conclusion, i have given you great, well thought out reasons why the computer benefits society.
has this changed your mind.
you can buy virtual books that you can read right on your computer.
my personal opinion would be that censorship is not necessary.
and some magazines that are in the schools or in the public librarie are just not the kind of thing that kids should not be looking at.
it varies from kids, fiction, and nonfiction.
people's lives could be enriched with good, clean entertainment instead of being corrupted with inappropriate media.
and they also use the computer to study about a country or a person they are doing a report on.
yet others find that those things make their writing more interesting.
she says that it's important to interact with your family and friends so you keep a stable relationship.
i agre some books can be offensive to some and not to others and its really not fare for thows who think that way.
having computers has brought a lot advancement in todays society.
hand and eye cordination, some people type without looking and some people are really slow.
must of the offensive material will open the worlds eye's.
dear local , do you feel about computers?
kids rely on them for studying or homework.
and finally help with schooling.
in urban areas, we can see people keep taps open.
this can help us.
""the is so much faster and the articles are more up to date.
dear, newspaper in my mind the computer benifits us in many different ways.
to that back then they said it was devil music.
that's when her face began to glow.
all the teachers and students like him.
they see pictures and everybody knows that seeing the real thing is way, way better than looking at a picture.
even though the computers is important in you still shouldn't be on it to long.
as i previously stated, computers are taking away from people excersicing.
i read lots of books, and every book that i read i learn someting new.
e-mail is basically sending a letter to a friend without the hassle of mailing it out where it might get lost or stolen.
authority teaches us, as children.
if people were less stubborn, they could see more perspectives and become more aware of how others felt.
i would like if nothing was censored, but i don't matter, right?
some parents bring their child up they way they want to.
computors are actually helpful in our society because it is an advance in communication.
his father also lives with him.
if everything that was considered offesive to a certain individual or group where censored , there would be no .
we never all like the same thing.
in conclusion, it is a good idea to keep computers to use.
those people who spend alot of time on the computer could be going outside everyday to get exersize.
computers help with this goal. ""
everyday after i finish my homework and i go on the computer most adults think that all that us teenagers do on the computers are facebook and myspace.
when your on a computer exercise your hand's and your brains.
while that parent didn't like it, other parents were upset we turned it off, because they saw nothing wrong with it.
this is why i think computers are very positive.
computers are the thing we use today.
which than you would need glasses.
why be on the computer all day when you can go outside and get some fresh aire?
they are very much like a dry, addicting and irrestable.
we can learn about many cultures with it.
he does not claim any special favor for himself.
sure some types of media, especially songs and movies, just spill out nasty themes and foul language.
while, the yoga mat or weights sit on ground sterring at you too.
it is our duty to cooperate with him.
dear local newpaper editor, i think computers benefits us in a good way.
people wouldn't make the things they do if it was supposed to be censored.
so take time away from that computer and go read a book or play a game of catch.
this things should be pulled.
the next group that censorship within a school system affects is the school system itself.
i'm sure that they would apreciate people getting off their computers to spend some quality time together.
due to this; this can lead to bone & joint issues, heart diseaase, lung problems, diabetes and athsma.
most of the content of the magazine's are pictures of half dressed women or men and explict lanuage on the covers these days.
this statistic shows that computers defenetly help them when looking for information.
computers also allow people to talk online with other people.
one book that comes to my mind that can be seen as offensive is 'the of '.
publishers do read the books they publish them, they will not publish any random thing.
its been quite sometimes when over one billion are online on a typical weekend. ""
game designers are now starting to make all their games around violene.
for example, scary movies could be very disturbing and too violent for a young child but they could be an adults favorite thing to watch.
i know for a fact that my parents would not want me to be letting my childern read, watch or hear that kind of stuff.
he gets up early in the morning and goes to his clinic.
this way, no points are deducted for wrong spellings.
then if parents give permission then children could read books that were ment for older kids or adults.
not try to get it banned because that takes to much time.
wild animals depend on trees for food and shelter and birds make their nests on trees.
he was offended by it cause his grandfather was a slave.
i'm writing this paper today to talk about cenorship of books, movies, music,etc.
and acceptance leads to contentness, which in the end leads to unhappiness.
the main reason is that it give computer technians more jobs people need more jobs computer also provide news.
which yes is kinda pointless, but its there an prolly wont ever leave.
it is very useful for finding information fast, and has many other capabilities.
the reason i said books help people is because it furthers one knowledge to understand things better.
also my grandmother is astounded by what todays technology is doing to the environment and the people behind this madness or electricity.
those are my reasons why spending to much time on the computer is bad.
the first time i realized books are really helpful and i'm also talkling about magazines, music and movies.
teachers immediately you have to talk to a supervisor about .
everyone will agree that using computers is also a good choice because you do meet people you don't know.
instead of going on the computer you can exercise more, play outside, and spend more time with family and friends.
these news engines keep people updates on major news events.
all of these reasons come together and say the computer does benefit society.
this is due to the different people, the ambiguous term for 'offensive', the for the sake of human flourishment.
i do it why can't you.
some people spend all day on one website, particulary facebook or youtube.
dear , i believe that computers are not necessary.
censoring something is wrong.
they help students create good presentations and students can use the internet for research.
i think that people are not going to have a hard time quitting to use their computer.
to become a meson is not to easy.
i can relate this because everytim my family goes to the library we have to fill the car up after we go.
they won't go outside, they wont know what the real world is actually like.
the libraries can contain book that are offensive to humans and animals.
if you take little things like that to your heart then you will have a tough time going through life.
if you go on myspace and have friends from different state or the same state you that they world want to find you and rape you.
the city had no idea that this was going to happen, they were clueless to the war that was going on around them everyday!
these are some of the things authors want to avoid.
the magic of mutual love will bring boundless joy as love knows no weariness.
people ask me "" weren't you online ?""
computers are now a benificial way of life.
this compact well made piece of technology has been belaming more and more intricate.
these technological devices have enabled to us to get our work done in a timely matter to receive the grade that we deserve.
remember technology is bad because we don't exerce, play outside and enjoy nature and really don't interact with friends and family members.
its to do school work and talk to family.
did you know that kids that spend more time on computer are more likely to do poorly in school?
do you have a friend that you haven't seen in a long time?
typing fast and correctly takes practice.
so i think computers are very important and they are needed in people lives.
also if they find offensive then they just shouldn't listen that song, watch that movie, or even read the book or magazines.
sure you could use a laptop outside but are you really enjoying the outdoors?
finally, it even teacher hand-eye coordination that you could use in your everyday life.
luckily, i had my other friends numbers i could use.
computers should be used in moderation and not in place of other important events in our lives.
if they lake computers out of sle every body is going to try to make one.
for example, if youn don't have the newspaper with you, but you have you laptop, you can get information that way.
they think it is cool seeing someone else doing drugs, violence, or nudity.
would be really great if this could happen, would make a lot of people happy and satisfide.
we can also use it to learn about news happening around the world.
and because they tend to want to type faster, it will help even more because the finger and eye will have to work in mission to type faster.
each time you use the computer your hands ajust to the keys on the computer.
the reason why i choose yes and no is because some books are helpful to others for there class and their research for whatever class they need it for.
for example they would be able to get pictures and other information anytime they wanted to.
mr. david has four children-two sons and two daughters.
i noticed that even when my friends go away, they can still stay in touch because of their computers.
the communication is much easier than talking on the phone.
second, the allows you to learn about new places and things all around the world.
finally a computer allows us to learn different cultures around the world.
they can do anything.
you will get bad grades in school.
cause if u dont have certain books you would have to read the same book over and over.
cencorship in books is one of the main concerns in .
it's really that neccesary.
the last reason that computers affect people is that they are enteritaining.
in this day in age, numerous advances in technology are being made everyday.
first of all, is that computers teach hand-eye coordination.
it is no mandatory to go to one if you do not like what they have then do not to the library.
why would you wanna be on the computer when you have family and some friends you could be spending time with and taken care of?
now you can take online cources to boost up your grade and make you feel comfortable.
she found that the condition of the wounded was hopeless there.
many people base their actions on their own views.
for example, helps you with essays and reports.
almost anything on the computer that you in your everyday life, that's how good technology is.
but alot of people did not want there kids listening.
you can go to a different store for enjoyment.
the only reason why we get offensive is because the subject either reflects our personality, or our life.
it can mess up your health.
i don't think that they should be removed from the shelfs.
that is normal thing that will up on computers, they can give you viruses, and people can get your personal information.
computers is an extrodarny piece or technology.
everyone thinks that different things are offensive to them.
people used to burn them because of all the sex, drugs, and violence, but doing this destroys people's dreams, theories, and ideas.
clearly, it is better to spend less time on the computer, and more time exercising or spending time with family and friends.
computers help organize your thoughts, which helps reduce stress.
my father used my elder brother’s bicycle to teach me how to ride.
there are certain things tennagers should watch and read.
you understand why books are placed on shelves for in the first place, no its not for the money.
but i dont know how we could change the movies by anycahnce at all.
but what they don't know is that the computer is teaching them hand-eye cordination.
if you spend time with youre family then you will want to do it again.
after that, computers are also sometimes used to contact people who live faraway from you.
computers give us a means of communication such as , , , and so much more.
i now realize the importance of my mother.
computers help out with finding out what the weather is and everything you need to no.
it would be hard to get the right kind of information off the internet because not everything is correct on there.
search engines let us type in keywords and find multiple websites on that topic.
technology be one of the greatest inventions that has come forth and be the best one that will ever be made.
well here's my perspective.
last but not least, if we took out everything in libraries that are offensive, then we would know longer have libraries in our communities.
a lot of the movies are adult movies ,but they do have a kid section at a lot of the libraries.
there are plenty of sports players that are on twitter and they are fit.
the material that someone people believe shouln't be viewed by childern, i don't believe should be removed from the library shelves just for that reason.
but, everyone has rights to what they want to know and what they do not want to know.
this world uses computers for the wrong reasons.
recently you back to your six pack sexy self.
to catch up with friends, or to talk something with another.
some of us swam and dived in the cold water.
some believe, that computers have negative effets on people for example spending too much time, not exercising, and not interacting with family and friends.
what can get better than that we can research a famous person google dead people look up pictures.
many people want to go to or for , but don't know what to do when they get there.
you can talk to people without the expensive phone bill.
as you can see these are really good reason why they should not remove stuff that other people find offinsive from libraries.
any one has the right to anything.
, a world without computers.
he or she could then use the computer to listen to music.
computer have a positive effet, i theach hand eye, and it give people the ability to learn.
this can tell you if you need a jacket or a rain jack, if you need to use a shovel or hold an umbrella.
last he proposed.
but you cant get rid of the things you dislike in the world
the car was badly smashed.
you shouln't go around blaming pothers and things when its no one else's fault but that persons.
some people are too busy on facebook or myspace, e-mailing or each other.
being on line sitting down doing nothing just talking makes you lazy.
without it, people probably wouldn't be able to research a country with ease or learn about other people.
to start off, i would like to say that not everyones families & friends live close by to each other.
meanwhile, the stray dogs are really troublesome for the people.
my mom keeps the books and managers many things for a company.
this was because all information was found in books.
, these things are weighed down by the negative effects like the online dangers, increasing to reality, and the obesity problems we face.
they know their boundaries, and i don't think a librarian would let a child check out anything innappropriate.
no matter who you are or what you do internet plays an important part in life.
we found that we both have accounts and keep in touch there!
nature is all over and helps us are even if don't notice.
a complete citizens and drives them from family and friends.
he or she does not have much time for sleep and rest.
dear leader of the local newspaper, i have heard the strange misconception that computers are ruining our society.
well i haven't read any like that yet but, i have heard somethings about it.
no book should be removed because someone find it offensive.
young children most of the time are not even interested in going to those kinds of books anyway.
everybody has the right to read whatever they want.
if people took the books and other things like that off the shelves, there would be hardly anything to read.
from my experience, reading these things are honestly kind of helpful.
these are my three reasons on why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
all libraries have books for all readers no matter the age.
i know i do, people meet freinds on the computer.
people should get off the computer and make some plans with their family.have a get together with your family and go places and chill.
that way you learn about different ways of life and cultures.
i know that the more people using computers is not better for our society it is worse.
if you are in of who have actually seen something like this with your own eyes you're lucky. "
if someone were to tell me that it looked as if i've lost weight, i would find that offensive.
you can get them at any ticket sales website.
and even if you don't like actually going to other places, you can virtually go there on a computer.
of this, the rainforest is mercilessly being destroyed and animals are loosing their homes.
click click, another information page opens up on your handy these trusty, smart, and easy to use divices are always a object to have.
the computer/internet has became a big source of learning to our society don't you agree?
first off, you can chat with people from long distances.
my favorite would have to be the computer programs.
there are thousands and thousands of books on display at the public library, that does not mean you have to read all of them.
this both right and wrong.
no book, music, movie, magazine , etc., should ever be denied a place on the shelve because of it's content.
sure you can research information and do you rhomework on the computer, but you can also play games.
this comes in handy when researching for that huge project due next week.
i think that nobody should have the right to remove a book, movie, music, or magazine from the shelf.
the library had historical movies, but i ended up watching that by myself.
the only time they let us stay long is when we maybe doing a project for school.
furthermore, someone agree to meet someone they don't know.
of all the population in the is overweight due to technology brought into our world.
uses racial surrs that are not appropriate to be in the hands of our young children.
dear newspaper i hear the more and more people use computers and i think thats so awesome because people talk online with other people.
thay give us the ability to talk to friends and family all around the world.
local research show that of planning their vocation use the internet.
also, hand-eye can be used to while taking notes.
i personally agree with them.
we not even realize it, but they are teaching us hand-eye coordination.
so that you can't get off it.
in my personal experience with this, i have come across books that have had inapropriate language in them.
final reason that computers teach hand eye is once you what to do, you don't have to serch the screen for an icon.
if censoring did happen in public libraries, i'm sure there will be protests and possibly riots over this censoring.
those machines also damage the eyesight of humans bulling is the worst effect of computers.
dear editor, i have read your past article about how computers can take too much time out of some ones life!
marcos a family therapist says of happy families stay in contact after seperating through internet.""
if you the computer all day ther you can't go out and be active with your friends, or go for a bike ride with you brother.
i felt like i couldnt talk to my parents about these things.
some people are always inside they just need engry.
being trapped inside the house to be on your computer is a terrible thing to do.
your probably asking why you couldn't leave it on the shelf.
dear local news paper, i think computers can have a bad effect on people from a really early age.
i don't know how or where they get this censorship idea from in the first place.
no,not in my opinion, and i hope not in yours either.
you can also learn about other cultures and their traditions through online videos at youtube.com and articles at wikipedia.org, the free encyclopedia.
they should just be put in their own area for adults to read only
they allow people to contact others who are far away.
in other words, computers are pleasurable.
or a video chat were you actualy see them face to face.
computers are often used to comunicate with others, family, and friends.
computers are very useful.
finally, computers are harmful because they lead to a very unhealthy lifestyle.
i love the compueters.
i do not think that censorship is a good idea for any sort of material on a shelf.
hobbies fill a gap.
normally the would have no idea whats going on but with internet the nation is involved quickly.
whenever i saw his face, i knew that everything was okay.
censorships in the libraris would be liked cutting the worlds air supply.
i know from personal exprience because sometimes peoplecan take kindness for weakness!
also students can play very soft music than not doing homework at all.
are all great shows for kids.
many websites have true information about place or things so you don't need to see it to know about it.
people become very adictive to computers because they spend almost all their time in there.
there will always be that one person who declines to agree.
if everyone took the books or music off the self that they found offensive there wouldn't be very much of anything left on the shelves.
but really isn't talking.
they help your brain in all of these categories just by having cute and fun little game.
computers allow people to stay in touch with long distance friends or family.
i think that in today's society, most children already know about sexual graphics and whatnot, so why limit them to what they already know about?
kids don't go outside enough either.
last example is if want to see the person and talk to them so you can go webcam with them and even talk.
where can you learn these?
but at night after dinner i started feeling very tense.
we each have our own specific reasons for using them.
talking online will even lower your telephone bills.
theyre too preoccupied with the computer to care.
also most of kids parents can contact their teacher and email them to see how they are doing.
however, some people don't have the chance to get this land of education, so they turn to the internet.
i personally have to log into the computer to type an essay for a class at least twice a week and some even more.
my first reason why computers benefit humans rather than hurt them is the knowledge they provide.
another fantastic fact is that computers will grow in the future.
lastly, you are able to talk to people from faraway, i think computers are a positive thing.
the internet can show us pictures of beautiful places that we have never seen before.
not all the time you can find certain things in books.
we can learn many things about the countries and also the sportsmen and women we meet.
when i do research on a important person in history, i learned things i never learned in school.
reason three your health is at risk.
parents should, also, definitely be the one's to censor what children watch, see, hear, or read.
the possibilities are endless.
dear to this concern, computers do a whole lot now of days.
the graphic novels i find inapropreate could be placed in an adult section, or higher up than most children can reach.
they have allowed us and how to improve our lives.
he set up a different group of disciples called bhikkus.
this skill also helps provide a wide range of other suceesful jobs in the world.
i mean you could learn about faraway places with out going there, but then what would be the fun of that.
it lets people learn about cultures of places around the world.
i'm sure this is because after the football players get home from a big game or something they log into and make thier status all about thier win.
on a computer you can communicate with friends and family members that live in other states.
we need to end this before our kids or grandchildren start getting out of shape and start relying on the comuter for everything.
hand-eye coordination is important, and we can get it though activities, such as football, and tennis.
if yu take the computer away from them they went do enything else.
last sunday, there was an accident near india gate.
surely this isn't the grounds for something to help society.
i hope that this has changed or proswaded you alittle bit
would be in the dark.
they can be down right mean some times.
how was it broadcasted to the world?
if you waste your time online chatting, how are you oing to chat with the people that are eight in front of you.
some books helps teach a moral or get a point acoss.
it realy cool.
disney, , an .
computers be helpful for work and business but young children are losing time to exercise, enjoy nature, and interact with family and friends.
whether people like the concept or not, computers will be necessity to solve the problems and calamities that will wreak havoc on the world in time.
other children could show the book to other peers.
staring at a computer screen for long periods of time is not healthy.
so those who think computers cause us to spend less time wioth family and friends are mistaken.
real life is rated so why pretend it's not?
i believe that their are lots of resources.
would you really try to prevent your child, friends, and families from using such an amazing invention that helps us every day?
i remember i was at my cousin 's house when she sugested to play the game fit.
you can use chat websites or you can use sites like facebook or myspace.
the computer is excellent.
after so many different books are censored there will be less books for peole to enjoy.
you cant really take anything out of a library because either way their would be a lot of upset people.
so, libraries should not have anything offensive removed from thier shelves that are found offensive.
i say this because, in every situation, either one side benefits, both sides benefit, or neither side benefits.
the two girls were then banned from the website, but this was after people had screen shoted them and posted pictures of the girls.
the opinion of the public is created by the current time, trends, ethics, and problems that are going on.
they want to know what is really happening across seas or even around home.
would help us because it give us access to helpful website that teaches us.
overall computers are that make life that much more stressful.
but to wrap it up i have on more exsample.
authors are hurt because it is their work that is being censored.
this is it teaches hand eye cordanation, allows people to learn about far away places, and to talk to other people online.
i'm not saying to let kids listen to murderous music and jump off of the terrace but, shouldn't some leeway on books.
most computers come already installed with the necessary programs including: , , or some form of , a virus protection software, and other simple software.
or that rectangular snaped objected with letters on ?
when you are sitting at home with a ton of, think again, the computer is there for you.
so i hope you will listen and also agree with me i think i made my point about how much you should use computers.
you can email instead of using letters.
also, students use computers for research; learning about different parts the world.
so agree with me !
i don't feel like them certain materials should be taken off the shelf if found offensive because that person be feeling guilty of something.
people read for enjoyment and knowledge.
everything shuld be in the library becuase their are different people and not everybody like the same things.
well i was absolutly !
you don't exrcise you gain weight, you could do most of the stuff you could of , and you risk health.
fine out where the wall of is.
local newspaper, you think that computers are one of the greatest inventions ever, the you are right, however you shouldn't use it too much.
they talked to their boss, made copies, had meetings drank coffee, and most of all they spent half of the day doing work on the computer.
unfortunately, that is where computers are leading us to..."" never seeing your best friend in person , only through technology!
he thinks they have gone up because, instead students reading long boring article on someone or something they can just search it on the internet.
obeseity now a days is a big concern with the .
that is how children could get the idea in being a 'bad kid' in school.
they also make jobs and work easier, and also help people save a lot of money by talking to people on the computers insted of on the phone.
it is our responsibility to keep the good influences around and keep the bad ones away.
i know i don't want that.
teachers especially at the elementary level, must be very creative with their teaching styles.
everywhere so much of noise is there and the people have grown insensitive and are not affected by this.
that my final reason for why you should go with computers.
sister also helps me to nurse them in the evenings.
in conclusion, computors are a detriment to society.
dear , i believe that going on the computer has a positive effect on people.
have webcames so you can see the person too.
for the first couple of weeks, i felt like an outcast; like an outsider looking in.
little do parents know, it is a very uncensored world and at anytime a child can learn of it's exsistance.
we should allow people to pick what they like.
there is also instant messanger, or .
you can search and get information.
they are beneficial.
also, i have a just coming up and i left my textbook at school, i can just study on my computer.
the new technology has caused people to loose lots of time when they could be doing other things that would them in life.
well, you cant online scans, and some are free!
the profession of a teacher is not easy.
therefore, people don't spend enough time doing other things.
the hand cordination can help you develop mentally sight.
there are so many good websites that you can go on like .
a third reason i feel that computers are beneficial to society is because you can order a product over the internet form shop websites.
dear local newspaper, computers have a positive effect on people.
people were supposed to be naked to nature, but over the years, technology has diminished that connection.""
for the reason that anyone can be offended, so they might just say it was worse than it actually was because they are mad.
',and 'if you wouldn't want to hear , than 't say .
but why spend your time on the computer when you can spend time with your family.
it all come down to power and who was willing enough to take it.
they either do or do not know that they have offensive content in their library.
finally, all the children are getting lazier.
at , , of the students learned about new cultures in one year, thanks to computers.
despite loosing his job and almost being killed by the goverment, rises to understand that books have true meaning and that what the government doing wrong.
how can a machine with so many abilities be for see the computer as a brooden research for school and we want!
the internet is where you can resurch anything and tones of helpful ideas come up.
it we did not have computers there would not be any technological advances that we have , one of the most important devices.
computers are not having a negative affect on society.
it's hard for your eyes to transfer from seeing one thing to the next.
there are times when a soldier gets wounded or may even die.
one of the reasons why i think people should stay to computers is because they can learn.
these are even known to affect someone's emotions.
when your outside you can also see all the breathtaking scenery, wild animals, and exotic plants and flowers that live among us.
dear , you imagine a world where technology controls human interaction?
my bicycle has a carrier too.
they teach kids and teen how to become sucessful adults.
wether you admit it or not everything we do involves a computer to some degree.
in conclusion, computer are really benefitting society.
a lot of people look up bears on and they do their assigment about bears.
those things are great if you want to show pictures from a vacation or talk to a friend in a different country.
finally, it is always better out something you never knew before or something you have been wondering about.
that is because they would start looking at it more.
consequently, censorship in libraries creates the possibilty for every book ever written to be removed from shelves around the world.
in conclusion, i feel the computer is an addiction.
some materials are offensive to some people but not to others.
and so, this is why i'm convinced the computer is a positive impact on the world.
i go on myspace like five times a week.
, " not advance in technology?"
the main thing today in our society is going green.
because you want to get back to the computer.
with computers, you can also keep information down.
in one leg and he hobbles when he walks.
all those years gone in front of the computer.
did you know that a computer teacher in life say if you need to use a computer in your will one already.
not only the students but teachers too.
with all the social networks like twitter, myspace, facebook, and youtube you will always have something to do.
you can try to make it better but it will take a lot of will power.
for example, my cousin is in the navy, he has been for years, and before i got a facebook, i had lost touch.
i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
make it hard for them to do their homework.
the people inside the buses too got wet.
people should be able to decide for themselves on what they will or will not buy.
now don't you thinkg that is a nice way to spend your ?
the last reason computers are important is for the commercial stand point computer help alot of small bussness out by letting than be known.
dear , some parents are concerned about their child being on the computer all the time.
then you can just type in what you want and it would automatically pop up for you.
of teenages on average spend three hours each day chatting with friends on the internent.
in my own words i honestly think the computer can be addicting, especially when your on a worldwide account like facebook.
both of these points are valid, but most importantly censoring libraries would be unconstitutional.
one cyclist was coming in the opposite direction.
styles are most the time oppisits, like comedy and sad books.
while he is doing this he is talking on the computer with his dad who is doing the same.
with the maps on the computer, you can print it out and actually keep it.
another problem is that people spend less time enjoying nature.
the online ""guy"" began trashing the teenage girl so bad she ended up hanging herself.
this is important because when kids get bullied the feel bad about themselves.
the same for done for book.
first the printer can break.
don't allow the computer to let you loose the social skills that you have built up.
on top that, "" computers more than kids are obducted each day!""
i believe that everybody is intitle to their own opinion, but i think certain materials should be removed.
i believe that is a from two to three cars.
this has effected people because it is a faster ans easier way to write.
this is great on a boring day when you have nothing else to do.
i felt awful for .
for example a child is on the computer and you can't get them off, time limits will stop that.
computers have entered our world and have altered all of our lives!
my friend was on his computer typing a report, and then his computer shut down.
one can basically find anything there.
it is not difficult to do, like writing a letter would be, so people can communicate more efficiently and easily.
there's many things and people shouldn't tell them what to do with their lives.
by seeing or hearing something that comes off very offensive will tend to bring confusion to the library.
the number of convicted criminals as well as sex affenders i tramendus.
what is your choice in these actions.
they help very much with education, and even that alone i think should be enough to convince you that computers are helpful.
the internet also allowes students to take online schools or classes.
it's so simple and convenient, too!
snakes are poisonous.
if more people had computers then they would the to questions.
well that's just lovely.
two more reasons is because you could talk to your friends, another is you need it to put music on 's, 's and other devices.
your computer is to do many things.
is looking around and he says 'hey kayla, what is this and he picks up a naughty magaizine.
dear local newspaper, opinion on computers is that i think they are the most helpful thing in our society and it benefits us greatly.
these advances in technology are extremely benefitial to our society and should be taken advantage of!
also, while people are on the computer they're missing out on the world.
hopefully, after you read this you'll about it more.
first of the arguements that can be held is the freedom of press.
also if their is a problem or something with you house, car, bills, or anything you always see if you get any hekp on internet.
computors do not only cause bad habits, but they are also dangerous.
i say this because you can learn, stay good, and communicate.
looking for some place to enjoy nature & it.
most of your day should not be on the computer.
some schools have limits on their books, such as if you're two years old, and reading something like , then that's gonna be inappropriate.
they should be things wait to see it.
there is one form of technology however, in my opinion, has revolutionized modern day living as we know it.
if freedom of speech is limited, how long will it be untill our other rights are limited?
both of these diseases are lethal.
if they dont understand that something bad could happen to them beucase they did not know the dangers around them because they never learned it.
if i was on the computers all the i would be able to enjoy.
above all, i hate all those persons who indulge in anti-social and anti-national activities.
they are very helpful in many ways.
of course not all users have a computer for information.
it gets shipped to our house in less than a week.
with computers, you can learn about far away places and people without having to visit or talk to them.
please take them into consideration.
i believe it's an advantage to use it.
computers help hand eye cordination they make it easy to learn about different places and allow people to talk and video chat.
so basically its a waste of money.
to make matters worse, my favorite uncle dropped in.
you could talk to a family or a friend if you or they don't have a phone.
learning with computers is thing lately, in they're going in the computer lab learning to read on or other programs.
also, it helps you meet new friends and to keep in touch with them in the long run.
second, , chrildrens doctor states, ""computers give children that hand-eye coordination they need to enhance in sports"" i agree!
dear , out of ten people spend their time on the computers.
in conclusion, i had agree on the statement and my reasons why was because you wont have fun.
a few minutes passed.
they help with projects and homework, learning new things and communicating with friends.
citizens such as senior citizens and children shouldn't have to be exposed to inaproppriate material.
the issue is people was to much time on computer.
lastly, in the future everything will eventually be run with computers, they are the then now and later!
lastly computers help on english class like on spelling, writing, typing, editing & revising.
even people in perfect condition.
when you use a computer it is completely free.
dear or , people believe that computors are harmful to our society because people spend more time on such technology.
the magazines i read about aka seventeen magazine seem to comment about how beautiful these people.
then the person interested in the would not be able to withdrawl the book.
i think that libraries should'nt have to feel responsible for censoring items that be offensive.
mr. rohith sharma is my class teacher.
the only way you can get tickets is if you go onto the internet.
the quotation ' all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.
i personally believe that computers do benefit society.
i and my youngest sister remain at home some fear.
or be active, learn everyday skills and become more friendly to life people around you?
a section for the middle schoolers and the teenagers.
children aroung the world talk to people they hace never seen.
so i'm not saying computers are terrible, just that they they could be to much of a good thing.
dear , i am writing to you to inform you that i agree with the followings said on the writing prompt.
so come on its your decison and remember the most important part of this letter which is between liveing healthy and young or dieing unhealthy and suffer.
and last get off the computer and go see your family and friends.
computers clearly negative effect on grades and school work.
it is a great way to keep in contact.
movies be different.
dear local newspaper, i hear you are whether or not computers have a positive effect on people.
i'm people will open thier eyes see the great uses of the computer.
i love to sit down and talk with my mom over a steaming cup hot chocolate.
who has said that by using computers you dont interact with your family as much?
it is the parents' job to regulate the reading of their children not the contents of the bookshelf.
their brain tells them to do things that are illegal.
how can writing be offensive?
it is a good way for people to get to know you.
my finale reason as to why i think computers are good is they can help you on homework too.
removing this items would just be a total chaos.
finally, kids are more obese than us because they don't get enough excersize.
it is necessary to water them every day.
computers have of folders and programs to store information you need.
another reason why user of the computer must decrease thier habbit is because of obesity.
debates have come up on whether or not computers are benefiting or destroying society.
i will be talking about how computers give people good typing skills, how they give information to people, and how they allow us to socialize.
if you chatting with someone, you can still chat with another person.
but my ambition is to be a teacher.
i know i did.
just because one person doesn't like something or feel that it's offensive doesn't mean that everyone is going to feel that way.
i hope not because there is a chance that they will or will not get .
dear local newspaper, i've heard that some people think that computers do not benefit society.
lastly, you can communicate online with other friends or even meet new people.
they even have grocery shopping online.
you need to learn spanish in a couple of weeks.
libraies should not be able to remove books, movies, and magizines off the shelves just because some kids might be offended.
and the day the thing it is stuff to get off it why go out when you could chat wid friends online.
another thing is that our family is way better than some game on the computer go outside with you family and play a game of wiffle ball.
doctors show that of people that spend time more than hours a day on a computer have glasses or have a very poor vision.
they need to put on music that u can understand that doesnt have cussing in it and that you can understand because some kids like to listen to music.
having hand-eye coordination is important because were in everything goes around by computer and cell phones.
if a book has a few curse words oh well, tell your kids to stay away from it if you think its bad.
on both a computer and the internet there are more than million things you can learn.
some people feel that the 'censored' parts of the story are really what catches there attention.
computers give you too much information than a book.
i know amazing a at home mother said,"" son's gaining weight, all her does is eat and go on facebook.
they also teach hand-eye-cordination.
being self-consious or having no social skills are the biggest lifetime results from being too involved in a computer game.
computers are amazing advancement and this is why you should use one.
computers are great ways to find information with google and other programs like it the whole world is at your fingertips.
books, movies, music and magazines should be removed from the shelves because of all the vielence.
what the country finds, however, is that it cannot effectively memorialize the tragedies.
we should have a computer, because, we can chat with friends, we can learn important and interestings things and we won't get bored.
everyone has friends and best friends that they talk to every day, but what happens if that friend moves out-of-town, out-of-state or possibility out-of-country?
i feel that there are some positive and some negative effects from using the computer.
secondly, you can search the web for research.
that is just another example why the computer has a positive effect.
these three reasons show why computers don't benefit society.
to looking at websites.
exceptence is what' key to making eveyone get along at some point, but people struggle with homophobia.
the postman brings us news from our friends and relatives.
parents should be with the child when he/she is picking out a book.
take a walk by the forest or in a local park, even by the beach and you'll see loads of animals.
it keeps the government informed of people’s wishes, desires and aspiration can be expressed.
that person can have there opinion but other people have opinions that might oppose the other persons opinion.
says that using a computer helped you type.
dear local newspaper, i am going to write to you about if i think computers are a good idea or not.
if you someone else they might not know the answer.
some people go into depresion because they are on the computers not enough time with family.
minutes after searching through the one shelf you have been rummaging through for what seems like hours, you get a glimpse of a very interesting title.
imagine cthat being an adult and having no clue about the outside world.
would you ever think that a computer can take to much time or keep you from doing lots of things.
all the precious articles in the almirahs were also safe.
the charm is enhanced many folds.
forgets that has one of his own.""
how could you resist those temptations?
you can even see pictures.
it will warn people that the book contain material that offend the reader of the book.
but that nothing wait untill you hear what else i have to say!
if i had the right to remove books, music, magazines or other things that were offensive from a library i wouldn't do it.
this is why i think.
some people in this world just can't get enough of it and it need to dead soon.
people losing time to have fun.
it is situated in south delhi.
for example when i was in grade in i had to write about .
children get hurt from doing .
if they took them away not only will people files fall but everyone will be disorganized in the bong run.
to not use such a complex and developed system such as the computer is completely irrational, the computer is the future plain and simple.
one way that computers help us is that they bring people together by using the internet.
on a computer you can interact with others from around the world and make new friends.
example imagine having to do your research using only books, but you live far a library.
they are useful to every one.
everyone knows that family comes before everything!
that is mostly & always more important than computers because they are always always going to be there for you.
i asked him what he thought of his job.
i understand the fact that some people take things offensively.
talking to others online can give you good communication skills and you can get to know different people.
my second reason .
it's obviously something that bothers her and everyone is intitiled to their own beliefs and disbeliefs.
they provide alot of things to do!
hand-eye coordination is important and is preserving our environment.
computers are one way of communicating to loved ones in far away places.
then you can print out the directions so you won't be lost!
around the world, it's efficient for work and helps the environment, and lastly, it let's people stay in touch.
in the end, libraries should consider censoring their books, or if the book is bad enough and gets enough complaints, take it off the shelves completely
if you have an over due library book you can renew the book on the internet.
they not always answer what you need but they are there to look back at and see what type of generation we have.
but to make sure all your friends should have one question to make sure its there friend.
being on the computer way to much can be bad if you sit in the dark not getting sunlight it can be bad for your eyes.
do i think offensive reading materials should be taken off the shelves in libraries?
people at libraries fight over a book.
dear newspaper editor, you have a computer?
and you have to pay for surton aps like (windos, microsoft ect.)
a couple weeks ago, my coach emailed us that our gametime has changed.
that right for what they are think.
as a result, computers are the blame.
they provide us with entertainment, an easy way to interact with people, and a huge source of information.
this is the question that plauges them every year with new shipments of books.
though peoples' opinions differ, each opinion is equally important to that certain person.
back in my military days, nothing helped better than talking.
communication online has made huge impact worldwide.
just type to want to say and ""boom,"" instant, on the chat.
the main goal is for them to be happy with what the library has to offer.
most people like stuff that is interesting to them and some like other things.
computers are easy to access, and you interact with loved ones, friends, or new people.
we have been taught our whole lifes that these things are, but when real censorship comes in, so does the apocalypse of all knowledge.
i showed to her just like any other time we had gone to the library.
if you don't like a book because it offends you, than don't read it.
people who use computers don't!
in the past there have been some celebreties that sued some magazines and newspapers that put the wrong story out or something too private out.
all of this can be done in about minutes or less.this would be nearly imposible without a computer.
well that brings me to my next point.
in my own personal experiences i have come across magazines, books, and music that are offensive.
i believe that if people want to experience it they should be able to without wondering if it will gone the next day.
second, of teens living in the have become addicted to using the computer.
students use it to show what work they have to do when the teachers not there.
because they help people learn about faraway places.
that is why i don't think it gives people the right kind effect they might need.
the influences one encounters can be either positive or negative.
the computer is a nice outlit to come home and let yourself unwind to.
for this reason i think that should take the advantige that have.
sadly and his daughters got in a car accident and two of girls broke a few bones.
though these are all valid opinions, they are not enough to automatically think that it is okay to throw it off the shelves.
my doctor always used to tell me and my brother, "" out and play an hour a day!""
the main character was huckleberry finn who was a poor english boy whose father was a third class drunkard.
i think it would be best if you unplugged those computers for a day and just went outside and got some fresh air!
computers have also made society lack motivation to go and exercise.
finally, my last reason is because people are spending less time interacting with family ans friends.
did you look up to any of the main characters?
through a recent study, out of families in say they have relatives that are far away.
whetver it's clicking a link to a site that you found on , or playing the matching same of bejeweled, you are learing hand-eye coordination.
computers are negatively affecting the population.
with all the typing you do on a key board, your hand dexterity increases by the second.
i would hate to live like that, and i hate to live like that, and i know my peers would agree.
many use the internet in research other countries.
books all go through a long, drawn-out process before they are shelf-ready.
computers bring my family together by we rent movies from on the computer.
it just depends on the subject is about and how inappropriate it is.
there is a lot of offensive things out there, it doesnt mean you can keep it away from people.
also, the could miss out on life changing exercises the kind of experiments that people , they would miss out on life as a whole.
did you find out about ?""
people have the choice to read books or not and different views and ideas are good to make things more interesting.
for excersice you can do any sport that you like outside.
but if they have a computer, they can just google the information.
sometimes my mother didn't know how to respond so she'd change the subject.
run around or play a bill game, but not on the computer.
does using a computer mess up your life in some ways i would say no.
and they affect very crucial family time.
people become more lazier because of the many things you could do with it.
well that problem can be solved very simply, get on a computer.
so not only does the computer help for diets, they can help physical therapy also.
programs such as , which teaches people how to speak a language, are available on the computer.
without friends children would be knowhere.
then there would be no more author and more actors and actress.
many schools across the country use computers to help teach kids.
in a library everybody should have the right to read every book.
unemployment is a great curse.
first of all, its's a proven fact that most sports on physical exercise to involve hand-eye coordination to some extent.
you have a family?
this can lead to bad things, like being stalked or kidnapped.
so if they hear a swear word on t.v or see someone doing drugs, they imitate it.
well once i stayed at friends house and she was up on the computer all night she didnt even get any sleep.
our teacher also encourage us to use computers.
and then theres also were we play games online, and educated games.
some of these positive effects would be that they are essential for education, a very usful place to communicate, and they can be fun.
thank you for reading this and i hope i persuaded you enough with my reasoning.
you can even take college online now!
it was offensive to many, and in addition it caused an uprising among because of its content.
lay on the floor staring at the celing?
its sad how some people are so sick with a disease or illness that they can't go places.
secondly, computers have a lot of interesting information on faraway places.
also, hand-eye coordination can be greatly improved by doing activities.
it makes viewing more interesting and exciting.
it has expanded from just a place of books to a building which also houses music, movies, magazines, and other forms of media.
i also use computers to e-mail, instant message, video chat, and just stay connected to family and friends.
if the library had something that would offense me i wouldn't know.
it is a new and inventive way to communicate.
hand-eye coordination is good in many occations.
once a person is online, there are endless amounts of site to access on that are not always trusted.
of students that are failing don't use a computer for homework.
because everything has some kind of purpose to it, and has some kind of message in it for each and every person to discover
this will make sure we will know what we are about to see and read
because while you be waiten on something or it could be on the computer you can seat and grab a magazine.
i hope that you will use this article to prove that computers arent all .
computers help people communicate, but they also take communication away.
, my neighboor, said "" and banking are so time consuming.
in conclution you can see that computeres are a bad thing.
if there are people who wish to not see or hear about certain topics, then they can take it upon themsleves to avoid it.
sitting down all day on the computer is not exersize its lazyness.
if you were one of the people that is glued to the monitor of your computer then i doubt you were.
be taken off the shelf.. i believe that it is , and everyone should have their right to read what they want to, and what they don't .
if you are sad and need to talk to somebody you are a few clicks away from being cheered up.
electronics, kids sit on the computer all day long, while they should be out exercising and keeping fit.
another reason people should't spend so much time on the computer is because people are spending less time enjoying nature.
so it all depends on how you use it and how much time you spend on it.
even non-educational games help kids to have fun and have something to look forward to after their work is done.
you do not need to spend tons of money on it, it is all free, they are social networking sites.
in fact, i have never seen a child in the adult section of a library.
materials at libraries are not for everyone.
i liked it so much better when they were at the soccer games, me on. ""
as you can tell, , without computers out hand eye coordination.
becayse they dont have a quick way to look up all their information.
there are other types of library items in the library that could be censored.
as you can see everyone is different especially when it comes to these things.
recently, the world has been turning into something it shouldn't.
the computer can help you get in contact with realitives you haven't seen in a long time.
people who live on opposite sides of the world can communicate in an instant, for free.
if this is the case then just ignore it.
many people come to a library a day to check out something they will enjoy and have a good time listing, reading, or watching.
without computers, you wouldn't get the information you need quick enough.
kids these days are resiliant and can handle 'innapropriate' content.
you can be playing a game and still chat.
people were donating & helping just a day after the earthquake happened.
in addition, computers have a positive impact on families and benefits them greatly.
computers allow you to open up the to all people.
i know from personal experiences that being exposed to this, drasticly changes people, not over time but quickly.
i agree very much with the quote by katherine paterson about how if we all take away books and other media that we dislike we would have nothing left.
to whom it concern, computers are beneficial to society.
censoring materials also greatly limits the variety of content available for people to choose from.
i am a large fan of books over the two that took place.
on my labtop i can make data tables and graph's and write papers and use dial up connection.
when the cat approaches a prey it usually wags its tail.
life in itself can be an opinion.
they do have a profile which you be able to relate to, but they could be lying.
i think computers have a huge effect on people.
in conclusion, it is clear computers benefit the society greatly without a side effect at all.
they could be talking to one of their family relatives.
i know i would'nt want to read that.
another car collided with this car.
computers have a amount of knowledge instantly and also some opinions of things.
we put our letters in the letterboxes and our letters reach our friends and relatives.
that'll make them really mad and in exchange they should still exercise.
i believe that some materail should be remove if very offensive.
so with that, people who dont like certain subjects could easily stay away from the books that they do not like.
that, and textbooks often use up a lot of desk space, but all you nneed is the space that a computer will consume anyway.
one teacher said, ""using websites is so much easier for everyone.
of those kids are too involved in their compute games.
one of the main things that computers provide is research information.
in addition, my third reason i would like you to read is enjoying nature.
he raised his voice against the british rulers.
also another way to chat with people is by a.i.m.
so all of the words and actions in movies are not as bad as people in real life saying them.
unless it is a closely grounded secret.
i know that live is not easy but thank's of that material we can have a better live and also we can deffence ourselves.
another good reason to be able to use the or computer is you can talk to family members who joined the .
i have a friend who is always on the computer.
keep us sheltered is not going to protect us it only makes us want ever we can't have even more.
google search places to learn about.
but most importantly, you can learn so much!
people should be running or going to the gym instead of going on the computer.
the second reason why i think using a computer is good is because some jobs you have to apply by computer.
so why could they not make a section just for books, movies, magazines that people find offinsive.
as for adults, their movies and books should be censored too.
you can find your information and make something out of it.
like myself, i type faster than i write and that's why i agree that computers benefit society.
i and my sister became very sad.
for example, the textbooks that we use in social studies at our school still refers to as the .
""to add to that, you can use video chat to talk to people in foreign areas.
computers play a major part in destroying our health.
it's sad to admit, but there really isn't anything to change that.
for example cars millions on the road today and some can practily drive them selves.
the answer is no.
i prefer to go on educational, scientific and historical tours also.
i think they should say the same when i go to use my computer.
websites and search engines help you a lot.
however, if i go outside i feel full of energy and i'm active.
this can help make new friends or make friendships closer and cause less problems.
the cause stress and unnecessary drama.
yes, if libraries or stores find anything offensive on their racks, then they need to censor it before it corrupts any more minds
without a doubt people should still use computers are helpful in many ways.
i think because you can talk to your friends about.
many people are going home and turning on their computer instead of doing their homework or studying.
well that's what i got for using the for knowledge.
you have to limit your time and then there is where i believe they (computers) benfit you.
you calories you will gain weight wheight is unhealthy and you can stop the problem by just finding something spend your whole life on the computer.
this idea also relates back to the lack of exercise and naivety of people.
( questions were only used to support my survey) the next time you are asked to chat online please decline before you to become obsessed with the computer.
finally we come to my last issue, cyber bullying.
of money donated to an organization that assists in global disasters comes from online.
is very difficult for some kinds.
the reason for this is that if a man gets shot in the leg and all he said was,' !!'
dear , have you ever wondered what effect computers have on people?
why wait outside for so long when you could just buy the product in the comfort of your own home and get the product delivered right to your house?
step out of your door and you are faced with indiscipline.
of students at say that when assigned or paper or project the first source they use is from the internet.
they would want to learn about places before ever go.
it made of steel.
so do you think that every book you read, every movie you watch, and all the music you listen to is offensive?
that can lead a person to being very lazy.
i believe that some people use materials wrongly sometimes to get ahead and to make a name for themselves.
and then you wouldn't have anytime with your friends, and more only if your inside like always.
you cant have these accounts without a computer; therefore, we need computers!
and basketball keeps you quick and always running.
sidewalk sales, clubs, sports teams, holiday stroll, these are events that every town offers!
then, i went back to print it, it had been erased.
i am the kid that has no choice in the matter.
my last reason is that people are not.
see the world through their own eyes.
just dont close everyone elses eyes because you dont like what you see.
also you won't enjoy nature for yourself.
public libaries are the centerpiece for learning outside of school in many communities, small and large.
also, in cars there are computers to run just about everything else.
if there is a need for things like this then have a special store for things like this
some people think that learning from home, laying in bed with a laptop placed in front of them is a distractive way to learn.
as far as movies, they are already rated on a decent scale.
to begin with i feel everyone should admire the libraries.
a bus stop is an interesting place.
computers are the reason, a with the internet for accurances.
just put it up and dont complain because the writer didn' know you were gonig to take it offensive or the wrong way.
no matter how offensive the topic is.
some music has bad language in it and children should not be listening to music like that.
if you have grown up a your whole life, and a kid picks up a book dealing with jews they will ask someone about it.
the reason why it is so popular paper want to talk to friends that they enjoy talking too.
our status, feelings, friends, and position in life are always needing to be updated.
elephants eat fruits, shrubs and grass.
that's all teachers say.
computers hold many opertunities for the world and we don't use any of them.
finally alot of kids aren't taking responsibilty of school.
computers are one of the best technological advances the human race has made.
thats one of the ways people get fat because there not moveing around just sitting down.
skype is where you can actually see the person you are talking to.
it really puts a bad influence on everyone.
i appreciate you taking the time to read this and hopefully you will take my opinion into consideration when debating over the topic of computer.
every player cooperates with other player in defeating the other side.
hopefully when i'm done, you'll see where i'm coming from on this matters.
both of us had been using this and we've been able to talk for on end.
that's any almost everyone should use a computer.
in social networking sites like , twitter and myspace you can simpily look up your distant friends from you previoulsy lived and have contact with them.
the rap song is about a man that finds love in large glutius maximi while the other says that love can be seen everywhere, and anywhere.
the live and breath scarry movies.
then fight for more books like those and then they would need censorships in libraries.
they do this hundreds of a day.
many teachers now adays are assinging homework where the internet is nessary.
if i were to say computers are bad for you i would i say that it keeps you from getting enough or maybe any exircise.
you can connect with old friends, and talk to current ones.
teens give away to much info of themselves, some have gone missing from such an action.
i'd much rather spend time outside where i can excercise; 't you?
in addition, specially designed computers can tend to peoples specific needs.
they give people chance to chat with people allow them to make friends.
or your boss could tell you to find the amount of teen deaths in car accidents due to cellphones.
reduced social interacting and skills also result.
he is happy with his lot.
well first more and more people use computers but how does it benifit them.
spending all day rolling away in front of a computer, putting yourself and relationships in danger is, unfortunately, the effect of computers.
spending time with your family is something precious.
the near by libarry will always have extra computers students can use to write a papper.
there are kids who think of these things so much they begin to think it is cool to point guns and knives at other kids.
you have narrowed their choices down because of your own selfish opinion.
people have learning, talking, and advances in technology with one click of a mouse.
it can also help you with your job.
not many teens are able to just be alone and read a good book, which is why i was so shocked when i heard about this strange news.
this example shows that computers can effect everyones lifes, even younger kids.
each library decided to censor a different type of art from their individual location.
i don't think the person that wrote the book or magazine meant for it to be offensive.
have you ever walked down the street and saw someone the size of a boulder?
it will be stolen in the mail and course the time that it would take to ge there.
using computers could be fun for some and work for others.
no, i dont think that stuff in libraries should be censored or taken off the shelf.
take for example two students, one with a conputer are without.
if there are materials that adults do not want their children to see, they not be comfortable having their child there.
and thats why i love them.
most definatly going on a walk or enjoying nature is better than going on a computer.
so if you want to know what happen next you will have to keep reading on.
if we don't have computers then our hand eye cordination will decrease by .
i am not saying that i am totally against censorship of certain things, like nudity on television.
i had to look up word in the huge dictionary, i was failing because i just didn't have the time for my homework!
for instance, buisness people, accountants and assistants will consistently be checking their emails.
the internet can prove to be helpful.
everyone is going to become offended in their life by the media.
so he had to work hard from his childhood.
we use search engines for everything, everyday.
the game starts with a bully-off at the center between the center-forwards of the rival teams.
seen during the day time only.
offensive music in my house is considered music with curse words in the lyrics.
in those grade they really dont watch educational films it's all for fun films, so theres no reson for there to be anything worse than @caps4.
just like how has a new song out.
he should wear clean clothes.
computers teach teens, and children excellent hand-eye cordination, and helps people like me to play the piano more smoothly and exact.
first of all, most people only have a limited amount of time to things.
also, sometimes, friends move away and you always want to keep in touch.
like homewrok and projects.
your health is also at risk when you spend hours staring and not moving anything but maybe two fingers.
they think that children are the gifts of god.
of talking to your friend all the time.
also the computor is a good souce of entertainment.
you go on the computer.
with things like children around the world and i social and decion making skills.
that use could be for a design on the front of a cover page for an essay or project.
muny experts like think people will talk to stranger on website like facebook and myspace.
modern technology has outsmost the phones and is now using the computer to talk to far away friends and family.
like once you find it you click and a of things so when you look you on same thing else.
know i could olny the computer for min each day.
so, if a relative or friend is farther away from a more or if they are down the street, with chat rooms it makes talking easier.
but there is some music out there that dont just talk about that.
it was an experince i could not encounter on a computer.
you lose out on having good lifetime realationships, and how could you turn dow the offer to be with the people you love?
he takes a little rest and starts work again.
and what type's of book should be in the children part in the libraries on the shelf.
what will become of the uncertain future?
well talking online helps!
observation when i look at kids in community playing is that they follow one another .
an ideal student should avoid smoking.
computers are a great way to comunicate with others.
and also do execise while on the computer.
i think in general we should get rid of porn, and descusting pictures in magazines.
to start off, computers take away from excercising and spending time outside.
so we should not remove offensive materials off the shelves
but when you start selling them in a library there is something wrong with that librariy.
to conclusion, i feel that computers are an excellent advance in technology and should be used as frequently as possiblr.
i understand that computers could ""take control"" of people and people would spend to much time on them.
they he is to build skill of typing, help and it easy, and also help keep and family connected.
if someone discovers a book or movie that offends them, they should not make a big deal about it.
they can montor what their children are reading, watching, or listening to and if they find it offensive they can stop their children.
if parents get mad and angree because of these books, movie, and music don't let your children watch, read, or listen to them.
computers have a positive effect on people because you can learn about places you want to visit this .
we just can't get rid of them just like that.
do you want that to happen to person, everyday i wouldn't.
finally, my last point, computers make it very easy to make plans or connections.
for instance, say you wanted to talk to a friend in , all you have to do is go on a social networking site and talk with them.
just before i was born, parents moved out of the old crime riden neighborhood and out of the city for that matter.
we just have to learn to use it with respect.
he was on tv at the time and this lady got offensive about and had them take him off tv.
these are the reasons why i believe computers are important for improving eye-hand coordination, learning about different people and places, and the ability entertain you self.
then doing homework.
teacher’s table.
they are obsessed so thoes are teo websites that are very addicting to some people.
when computers and other technologies are available there is much less of a chance that you will actually interact with family and friends.
if we did this then our country and our world would be without opinion, voiceless, and without a voice their is no direction and no moving forward.
for example, facebook, , twitter, and email one all good sources of communication.
well owing a computer can you away from exercise and thier good for you so the more time you.
these websites that gives the ability to talk with friends and play games have made lazy and addicted to the computer.
they also have web sites you could go on just to play them.
you could think before you reply and most people online talk or write way differently there then in person.
being able to chat with friends is one of the best!
my friend had an acount there so it would be easy for us to talk all we wanted.
is content out that children should not see; however adults have the right to choose what they want to read and come in contact with.
computers nbot only help kids, they help adults too.
one have to take a plane or pay to take with relatives.
but if problems constantly happen there they will leave and tell their friends this is not a good library.
first reason why you can talk with your friends is a website called @caps3.
of use their computers to talk with others online.
not getting enough fresh-air can cause a cold or for some people with problems to get very sick.
finally they spend less and less time with their family and being active.
i actually think that the government should not tolerate parents whining and complaining about the content of different materials.
so i think that we should try to combine what people like to do on computers, with what they should be doing more often, like exercising.
this is something you can not change.
also, think of the handwriting factor.
my third and final reason is that the computer allows us learn how to improve our lives and the planet we live on.
this is something that needs to stop because it imports peoples health, safety and education.
you know how people are complaining that computers are taking away time from exercising, and inteacting with family and friends?
if people were to spend less time out computers than they would exersize more.
also everyone tends to like many diffrent things.
third you just spending your life on the computer keep on reading why i don't agree that it befits society to people.
lets use music for example, some music is nothing but screaming and cursing.
many people not agree but i just tried to make people to see my point of this statement.
then the jokers came.
i have heard of a case where a student was cyber bullied to such an extent that she suicided on the internet to show how depressed she was.
the sheer delight of movement is enough to make the day.
isn't that cool?
they build fantastic hand eye coordination, and help with many things including & sports.
if the child has tooken anything like that off a shelf that once they know they will not ask anymore questions.
they have gone to the college fund for money.
i remember when i was fourteen, i read a series that was related to colors off the color weel.
we also use computers to look up directions to places we want to go so we don't get lost.
do we take away everything the teacher used to learn about that topic?
those who play foul are not allowed to play.
the magazine was offensive to wonmen.
it is the main reason why society is today, predicting that this future generation is wobbling on an unsteady and weak foundation.
now a days, material that is offensive to some is all around.
studys have shown that out of the have improved hand-eye coordination.
is it really that big of a deal for kids to see some bad things in books?
teens need to and make new friesnd will helps as in life.
it even gives you suggestions on how to spell the word by underlining it with a red squigle line.
when asked how he did , he said he had been playing computer games since he was years old.
some of these materials be books, magazines, movies, and music.
leave the book shouldn't they should, should in both movies, and magazines shouldn't in and should in .
it's all opinionated, there isn't a right or wrong to it.
before the computer, people had lose success in writing quickly.
email on a computer allows you to send messages to a single or multiple people whatout the need of signal or service.
this is because they are able to look so definitions faster, research and learn about anything they need at their fingertips.
do you have a picture of your cat?
lets say they set a hour limit then once its up they have to get off.
the reason why computers are bad for the society is because people don't spend enough time with their family, i know i don't.
there are many people who have games for their computer or download games off of websites.
computers make life easier in general and can help with all life throws at you.
if it was not for libraries, the people in society would not be as smart as they are
below, i will explain each reason.
people are simple, love each other and enjoy life like one big family.
yet it doesn't mean they should be tossed out.
kid just sit at home & play computer games such as sims & video chat with their friends instead of hanging out with them.
lastly, now-a-days kids are ""obsessed"" with the computer an computer.
also, you can talk to friends through facebook or aim.
the authorities should not be involved in what someone writes, sings, creates, etc., in anyway.
some people like to play games.
a good movie would be .
if anyone dows the effect our grades.
as it would only make sense to try to keep the peace.
dear editor, week, i noticed an article in the paper headlined "" off the computer and go exercise.""
another reason is that some website are not always accurate with their information.
things would be completely different if people would watch what they put in stuff.
later mentions "" it's kind of depressing of how much time they spend on computers, than outside and enjoying nature.""
authors should be able to feel free to express there thoughts and feelings about a subject or topic in any way they like.
last but not least your social life could improve if people werent on the computer all day.
one example is my cousin.
the next time you are in a library think frist before you act.
with the computer you can access multiple sites.
just because certain books, movies, and magazines are deemed offensive to some, does not mean they should be banned for all.
why make the company lose investment over something that could be easily taken care of simply taking it back where you got it from?
in conclusion, computers hours, you must think about what can be done for nature, for your health, and for your family and friends.
insted of talking to you on myspace that they right down the street at the park with them.
the sound of falling rain was pleasing to the ears.
materials should not be removed from libraries.
on the shelves of libraries; children will find out anyways, wither it is from friends, or the media.
it seems that parents want to proclaim they want to censore that items because they find it offensive.
a run out the beach doesn't sound bad either.
get out and get some fresh air.
people have the right to choose what they do because the goverment can't choose for you since they're busy with other more important stuff.
aside from work, we use them in our everyday lives.
she can climb the trees.she likes to play in my bed.
disgusting!'.
without computers, lives wouldn't be the same in a negative way.
he is very kind and honest person.
they get threatening emails.
computers let us look up valuable info.
even that have more mature students get offended sometimes from the books their reading in school.
my last reason is, that people argue that people use it to learn about far away places and people, but they have books for that too.
just think about your current lifestyle is it occupied with computers or is it free and wild?
i know i have.
for your keen visual children, this is a much better way learning than using books!
this tells that the computer is just good at all.
it was useful and did not waste my time.
if you have a laptop you can talk to them were every they go or you go.
in i hope i have persuaded you enough to agree with my thoughts and to give the computer a chance, im sure you'll be satisfied.
don't you can really get unhealthy, and sick and his dies, die i have a friend whom nothing use.
you can meet new people from all around the world.
you can find year old on the internet now.
also, for adults, they can take care of some finances and bills online and some taxes.
but, i mean those are only my opinions.
first because its way better excercising, enjoying nature and lastly interacting with family.
computers teach a lot of hand eye coordination.
thats why i said don't let youre life pass by you.
if you wanted to see a frog or of some other animal, can't just it, look for it in the real.
i sure we all know at least obese person or teenager.
it helps others get a clear picture of who and what they go through.
mom takes me and brothers up to our room and trys to get father to come with us instead he promises us he'll be right up.
music is one of those things that ais constantly changing with time.
also, people can see pictures on the computer.
why stop someone elses enjoyment because of my uninterest?
i can give you good reasons why.
every day we read books, but do we know if they are offensive.
so got lost help.
they were ill-treating the natives of the country.
this is because everyone, from the most to the least intelligent people, have their opinions, ideas, and hard facts in a computer on the web.
i never knew that a computer could do a video chat from so far away i was surprised.
thus, the whole of the last sunday was wasted.
my first reason was that if you don' know something you could look it up.
sometimes checking notifications on can be more important to someone than spending time with thier family or friends.
censorship should not be used in libraries.
picture yourself walking through the library with your child.
dear editor: you know that of people in the have comuters?
censoring does not always allow the author to thoroughly convey his or her ideas as they were originally intended to.
but then i see a person really enjoying their time at the library.
like say you been planning a trip to for your honeymoon but never been there or know anything about it, but your honeymoon is a month away.
i am not saying all magazines and movies are bad to our mind because they can also be helpful.
books of diseases that have nude photos should be allowed, they educate the communitry and save lives.
i think that we should have computers.
also, should enjoy life.
computers can really help hand-eye coordination alot.
when people use too much computers, their eyes start to hurt and lead to a headaches as well.
a third reason computers not be help society you can see, i feel very strongly about the negative effects that computers have on society, for many reason.
sounds crazy, but wouldn't cause a riot to go on about people.
some of my beliefs wuold be offensive to certain people.
that's why there are ratings on movies.
so, should things that are found offensive to one person be removed from a library?
you can just order them.
there's a long list of other things that make computers great, but it would take too long to write.
why people would even consider getting rid of history and learning materials about cultures and different subjects in world is beyond me.
computers help people everywhere gain knowlege.
if people use computers more often they'll probably develop the skills to pursue job opportunities on a much wider market.
in elementary school, my friend had moved away to .
you can look up the weather for that time.
but that is not the only bad thing about them.
they sometimes have to endure extreme climates.
first of all, without computers many people would struggle.
do i think we should have to take books off of shelves?
dear newspaper, computers are not something to be afraid of.
on the subject, you can work from home if you are sick or on vacation.
the computer is not used for just communication.
well, if you are, it's time to get off the spinning computer chair and out for soem fresh air.
get active the enviorment is a big concern these days.
people spend to much time on the computer instead of exercising, they dont' get to enjoy nature, and people stop interacting with friends and family.
i heard music and learned some .
i know you that that see enough of nature even with computers but more than often., dont pay attention to nature.
john is a fruit vendor.
thanks to internet, i have been able to keep in touch with them.
last week, intervied year old .
computers also can teach you how to speak a language.
a computer can be used for educational purposes also.
just because one person dislikes something, doesn't mean it should be thrown out for everyone else.
lastly, computer users learn valuable skills that these who don't will never have.
these people threaten and taught inosent people.
learn how to do somthing by.
there is so much guidance for our daily lines through computers.
i don't take any type of material that i'm looking at in any negative way because i know that someone else's opinion and not my own.
you can also learn or read the news that your missing.
just be open and honest at the right time but in a mature clean matter.
kids will become overweight.
my mother starts her day work early in the morning preparing our meals.
dear newspaper, computers have advance a lot since they were first made.
not to mention, the process is exceedingly type in exactly what you are looking for and you will be brought to exactly what you need!
they have lots of ways to video chat, message, and even speak aloud to the person you want to communicate with.
another thing i would like to consider, spending more time with a family or even a friend is a good thing.
lastly, computers allow people to see far away places and learn about almost anything with a click of a button.
when your on the computer you can look up some of the natural disasters.
he has four sons and three daughters.
hence our budget is low, and pollution is extremly off the wall; our nature is going from beatifu to less and lesser.
should find the good in computers and they could do for there.
it would be taking away from a readers imagintion.
computers are needed, and without them, our lives would be extremely miserable.
dear local news paper i believe the computer has a positive effect on people.
unlike typewriter, computers have programs such as michrosoft word, where you make a simple mistake, all you have to do is press backspace.
my first reason why i think that because if you don't have a cell phone and you wanna talk to friends you can go online.
some people spend to much time on the computer because they meet some one they rally like and don't worry about what the family want to do.
for example instead of writing an essay for school and having it take hours than your hand is and to findout its filled with miss-spelled words.
dear local newspaper i've come across this letter i saw about the technology of computers and how it's affecting people lives.
in conclusion qualiy time with people, nature, and exercize is more important than a glowing box.
and i believe if it is offensive it should be taken off the shelf in a library and you should too.
it is a fact that you can survive without a computer.
before computers world spend hours in books and find what there looking for.
finally, computers are benefiting us with knowing directions and routes.
how else are yousupposed to talk to your friends after school?
he goes from place to place to catch thieves and bad people.
with so people absorbed with online drama, friends, and even video games, family interaction is declining.
if you have school work to finish, computers help will work.
the next reason being that the thing being call offensive can help teach other about many different things.
they help people learn new stuff about things and.
first, the computer teach as hand-eye coordination.
i read an article that said, ""computers are the number one problem for kids not doing their homework.""
would you do if you saw your child reading a book that contained frightening descriptions that are to horrrific or to adult like for their own good?
my second reason is that, even though computers are often thought of as destroying , can build social lives.
libraries are very important sources for studing in many people's lives.
families who stay of the computer and have dinner with their families typically have children that get better grades.
in addition to takes and hancing, computers help with everything from shopping to woking for the perfect phone company to use for your new business.
my first reason why computers have a possitive effect on people is they help with writing papers.
i love your hair today.
if they had the freedom to take things, then there would be nothing for anybody to read, listen too, watch, eat etc.
but eveyrone has the right to read any book they want.
first, gaining knowledge is really essential.
yes, but we need these machines to survive.
they were talking about thinking of a book that no one should take off the shelf.
parents have to constantly worry what their child/children are doing just to make sure it is not bad.
you can easily webcam with them or e-mail.
after that happened, went to his old ways by eating healthy and exercising.
last reason why computers help out in society is you are able to talk with your friends online.
foe example lets say that you doing on paper you .
i don't see anything wrong with these beneficial factors to society.
he is well trained.
i think that computers teach you more than they, disable you.
dear newspaper , computers are a great invention that we have created.
however, i think the main ones are to keep in touch with friends and family, to use the computer for educational purposes, and for entertainment.
is right, we can also be aware of the environment.
he takes lunch on the farm.
i will probably have arthritus in my hands when i'm older because i spent hours typing away.
a good thing to you could be a bad thing to another, and what if that disappeared?
if i had it my way, the would not exist.
what can yo do if they live far away?
talking to real people is important, but cant be done all the time!
then i words that i don't understand.
daer people of the newspaper i think that computers are good in some was like to look some think up adout the other side of the world.
so people 's jobs on computers working and learning.
if you take a break go on you relax simple games put out a variety of websites.
the computer also has lots of music that you can listen to.
you might not know where your child is, forbidde in a hospital bed because of a drive-by.
well its true.
if you ever need to set information that not have to through the of book,then, a computer is the thing for you.
unlike sending and writing letters to people, instant messaging is a much faster and easier way to talk to another person.
i think that parents need to tell their children why they do not want them to read a book.
obesity rate is over to , the highest it has ever people wouldn't even know technology is to blame.
its you choice but think of the socity retarded, dumb kids that fail the grade year.
more advanced gaming computers called consoles such as the , by , the , the by the provide exteme gaming experience.
it's our minds that do, and our judgement.
cyber bulling, being induced by computers, is the easiest way to bully somebody.
using a computer can help you learn about different people from around the world.
we could use to send documents and papers, we could bring to tax appointments and pair suits.
when your in high school and play sports well, you get scholar-ships to go to college.
yes, they be unsuited for others but when we don't like some thing don't we just move along to something we do like?
if people avoid their computers then we could be one of the fittest countries.
people want to say whatever they want and they have the right to.
light instrumental music was being played.
people can still enjoy nature as well as computers at the same time.
but you have.
she believed that he would try to learn witchcraft.
finally, you use the computer for educational use.
the government does not want the society, especially the youth, of to read things that are deemed inappropriate.
shows students write papers so faster and better with a computer rather than a typewriter.
the future is coming!
of you bing on that computer you have been adicted, but you just don't lose contact with family, but also with friends.
before had his computer had to write out all his papers and when finished spent to long writing that could not do his rest of homework.
there should be able to be all types of music out on the shelfs, because its not like people can listen to it by looking at the .
in conclusion as stated the library is a great place to hang out and just to relax.
in conclusion, people should learn to give some things a chance.
they have tons of games for kids and for adults too.
months, husband and wife got killed because of .
do you realize what this means?
books are used to entertain and even teach readers in certain aspects of life.
you have a friend or family member you lost contact with.
without it, his family would wonder how he was and be worried.
textings good but it costs money, so does to lking on the phone.
since are than our cable provider, we were able to look up.
my first reason is that computers have given us the ability to find information quickly and easily.
computers can be very helpful to business people with creating power points.
so by taking those books off the shelf those people would not have any way of researching those materials and therefore they would get upset and complain.
i think this because it can teach you how to type faster, learn about far away places, and talk to people online.
the books that interest me the most are fiction books.
so can we come to an agreement life?
so what do you do if there is an offensive book on the shelf?
if i dont have enough material to study, on the internet help.
it's good to have computors in school.
she has a small workshop where these dolls are made.
some magzines are to explicit but the library should make sure the magazines stay in the adult section.
this precious time is taken away by computer technology, which will last longer than any human and doesn't even provide comfort when someone is down.
so what i'm trying to say is to don't stay on the computer than just min.
exercise be important still, with a touch of a button i could talk to my aunt, find the right one for me and save my whole life.
your teacher assigned a project that's due tomorrow!
running down your face and feeling disaponted in your self.
i took to this hobby when i went to see my uncle in his village.
i alighted with a prayer that god may give him good sense.
but maybe people should cutback a little on .v.
now, i'm not saying that having any computer time is bad.
parents shouldn't always want to be their child friend because, sometimes kids would run over you.
the prides itself on that children are the future, well, why not put in the effort to prevent the from seeing what the see or read?
also, social networking sites help families keep in touch.
but computers see it a different way.
but the more books read and understood, more books will be wrote and published.
is so hard to tell them online "" come my house.""
high blood pressure and even diabities.
your no enjoying nature!
or go to a store that sells books and is a little more censored.
other people are upset because they think the libraries are offending their culture or way of life.
they provide a lot of information.
it's like an at home amusment park.
if you don't want to see or listen to stuff you don't prefer then don't look for them at the libraries
with computers, it makes it possible to go online, look up the , research it and plan a flight there a week later.
computers have positive effects because they can give you quick and reliable and the can be fun too.
remember, computers help us live our dreams to the full extent.
book tend to be censored and even banned at schools.
so keep the books on the shelves even if children should not read them.
millions of people will be viewing this and i wouldn't want my kid looking at it.
it is great for staying in the loop and reading about things you need to know.
first more and more people use computers but how does that benifit them.
communication is one of the greatest things about computers.
to whom it concern, i feel that computers are a great in most people lives.
therefore, your more willing to go on computer then excrise.
fish is her favorite food.
thus computers are very vital to us.
although you are supposed to be at least to have a , most kids lie about their age.
kids have lots of homework and without computers it would be nearly impossible to finish it all.
the local newspaper wants to know my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
we can find the newest technology ""i phone"" or "" "".
as long as you get equal amounts fresh air and family interaction, they have a very positive on people's lives.
then we came to the cages of birds.
my grandparents came from montreal to attend my birthday party.
that is only one of the reasons i think computers are beneficial to society.
now i hope you see that computers don't benefit our society than that is your opinion.
the sayings,'you 't like , than 't look.
a serious benefit you have obviously choes t o overlook is the invaluable information it aptly places in front of you on a inch screen.
also, pictures on the computer help, too.
for game system its like having a computer, right?
i suggest that you will agree on my opinion'.
are many books, magazines, and movies out that contain content not necessarily appropriate for young children.
example is if you forgot to write down your homework in your agenda or something then you can go on the school website and see what your homework is.
with hand-eye coordination you need it to play sports like baseball.
if you want you yuorself can uplood videos too!
this is due to the fact that most people eat and then dont exercise.
now, experiments can be extremely acurate.
next, even the music today placed in libraries is not good clean music.
you could end up reading for hours when the certain information you want wasn't even there.
the computer will offer the ability to confrence will other people so that there would be communication between work parttners.
i still think computers benifit us in many ways.
computers aren't the greastest things in the world.
but, then are people who disagree with them.
when you download softwares, games, and moble things that all cost money.
also computers have been a major part in entertainment.
when you see sexual harrasment, or someone being followed by a sexual preditor report them!
sometimes you can't even find a book with out bad things in them.
computers make it easyer for them to study and learn about and everything.
some parents should at least give an hour a day to say he game.
doing exercise is good for your health.
this is also the cause of a lot of obesity.
you can also use them to meet new people.
their brain is still developmenting and learning new things each and everyday.
but, what if one day you decided you were going to skip your lunch break with friends and instead spend time posting a daily blog.
when we look back we see that the 's censored and destroyed anything that went against them.
why take the risk when you can just use a phone!
you know that you are on addict when you spend more than an hour a day on the computer.
computers should be used less.
most songs are censored because parents don't want their children to listen to it.
we put a stop to censorship in our librarys.
another benefit of computers is communication.
dear local newpaper: you being the local newspaper, you have the power to say how you feel about the effects computers give to people.
a lot of people use computers in present day.
computer junkies what are they?
the effects of computers to people are that adults and kids are getting way more attention then they need to.
now, everyone knows his name and listens to his music.
there are educational games on the computer that kids play and without knowing this they are learning and studying for school.
however, is not the only person who agrees.
people who love horror movies probably hate comedies.
advancement is centered around computers.
my parents use e-mail all the time.
one example is i went to american history.com to find good information about alley and what happened there.
when my grandma pm.
this is one example of people don't know what to expect when they read a book.
dear , the advansing technology is showing a very negative affect on people.
these skills are the ability to work with your hand and eyes simultaniously.
but i also learned to be responsible with it.
clearly, a life without computers is utter chaos.
a policeman helps good and peace-loving citizens.
you can get hand-eye coordination, you can look up foreign countries and people, and you can talk with your friends.
i think at least of these people spend to much time on the computer and not exercising.
these are 's with online tutors or just work.
however, her husband killed himself.
for example, think about how many people could be employed if a new computer system was created.
in conclusion , more and more people go on the computer, but it does not have to be a bad thing.
while you can be on the internet for about day to night and still pay the same price.
have they not visited the place for months after months or even years!
computers makes peoples lives just so much simpler.
we went online to find things like.
the computer is also jam-packed with loads of information that is helpful to anyone in the world.
luckily, all you have to do is type in ""amazing nature parks"" in a search engine.
you have a question or don't know what something means, you can find out on the internet.
and be safe.
the internet provides an efficient low casting, or even free, way to help any language learner.
people usually don't exercize or do thier chores.
so i believe that people should get of the computer and exercise.
our parents are the ones whom we interact with daily.
i think that certain materails should not be removed because a couple people do not like what is in a book, or movie, or in music.
and learn about new things everyday.
the school board did not even care though.
hand eye coordination is a good skill for everyone to know.
all i know is, there too many to count adult websites that children from the ages of log on to everyday.
another reason why we use computers is convienience.
the entire library is split up into different sections.
dear local newspaper, i've heard that not many people think computers benefit society.
having computer at home is not good specially to children.
they are wrong.
to this off, it would be nice for people to take care of themselves and not stay on the internet for so long.
some stuff will have lables on them like parental guidence to show that only particular age person can have.
they make you a well-disciplined person who obeys the leader and the rules.
i think almost every movie might offend someone in some way, so if your wanting to take every movie off the shelf then go ahead.
, , people are using computers more often.
i strongly beleive that pleasure is one of the main reasons we use computers today.
and your friends will stop being with you because you're not hanging out with them.
please take my reasons into consideration.
it would be a scary day if that happened.
which i really miss her.
have you ever found yourself in front of the computer screen, on a beautiful day outside?
is very beautiful, its voice is very ugly.
if it wasn't for computers we wouldn't of found .
moreover, computers are chock full of information.
lastly, computers are like vampires, sucking away your money.
another reason that a computer benefits society is ways to keep in contact with family and friends if they live to far away.
i did a study on how many hour kids spend on thier computer and out of the people who said more than minutes.
people talk online so they can talk to there friend .
also if you had to look up a person for a school project.
that's when a computer helps.
so these are a lot of changes that need to be doen.
they complete us all.
that means i can still interact with family and friends.
just about any domain name on the web.
also it helps us talk to our parents if theyre away or if you're on a camping trip.
i personally know parents that would not allow their childern to need a book just because in the review they read the main characters kissed.
everybody can add to it, and you can selectively choose which additions you want.
they suffer and their oppressors enjoy.
she started to use the computer to chat with people and ended up using the computer a lot and not going to collage.
another reason i think computers aren't good for you is because in the time your on the computer you could be hanging out with your friends and family.
if a parrot is reared in a house no outsiders could get in
this can turn your life around inna heartbeat.
some teenagers including me find some of the material they read-even in school-to be offensive or have a touchy subject.
you could send a letter with the touch of a button with out having to make a trip down to the post office and await a reply.
i remember one time that there were books and magazines at my school that were being taken off shelves for this exact same reason.
excersise one of the most important activities in our daily lives.
for example, ' , a hip-hop artist with millions of fans, wasn't able to finish high school or go to colledge because of his career.
that is one reason why children from the ages and up are obese.
for example famous musicians long ago, celebrities, legends, hall of famers etc.
i believe people have different views about things.
one of them is trees.
surely, read on to see why computers are very important to us all.
also your students computers get viruses because of inappropriate sites.
have you ever been in a library and thought to yourself, 'hey, this book looks pretty good.'
in addition to all this some people can task and many things like hang out with there family and friend but most importantly enjoy life.
that she could just walk knowing that somewhere out there in the world that her father would be waiting for her.
was reminding his dad about it all.
this shows that friends and families stopped paying massive phonebills and just talked online.
winter is not nice, it is cold.
these books are written to target emotions in the reader that spark excitement and humor, horror and empathy among many others.
in my opinion, the computers could make that room a little smaller.
the person could have posed as another person and be very hipocritical.
they need the computer for that task.
instead you can just or email them and you can have a conversation without even looking at a person!
so i say we as in the citizens need to watch out on how we put stuff out there that the kids can get a hold of.
something that's really good for communicating is video chat.
connecting people through computers is maraculous, and important to life as we know it.
but why stop there?
as people use computers more they are spending less time excersising and staying healthy.
so now you know that a computer can teach you things.
many times in school, students are asked to do a report on a different country.
i do not like the sermons of old people.
on the computer there are many maps that give detialed discriptions on how to get places.
the farmer is an able person.
dear local newspaper, i think the effects of computers are good.
computers teach you alot, like hand-eye cordiantion.
the computor can send data to a computor to conviently copy a file or document so you won't have to rush to work and worry about lost files.
such as portaportal, .com, they have safe fun games for kids under .
it's scary just to think about, well as computer technology increased online predators numbers went up.
second, it helps us connect with and meet new friends.
number two: you can use a computer for research, and number three: it can tell you directions or give you info.
they allow people to communicate their ideas and opinions.
i am going to tell thinks way.
even if the time spending is not with family, socializum is a very important rollplay in use.
this is simply untrue.
is time flying you by?
now you can webcam people.
if your looking up how to tie a tie or even info about your history report the is a sure easy thing.
in conclusion, there are many benefits to using a computor.
for an adult it can show them meanings of words or new words.
this shows that people on computers are not only young, but they want to be on the computer more than be outside.
therefore, you can learn about their culture and what they do in their country.
another issue computers cause is that people are spending less time with their families.
* no matter what age.
furthermore, appliances use electricity they're even plugged into an outlet!
sit back and look it up on the internet if you don't believe me.
they laugh, play and cry like we do.
computers can give us picture of places, you can watch videos, and even see movies for free!
it satisfies my personal needs of exercising.
to bigin my opinion about the computer effects are wast time.
there are some things that could be censored, and others that wouldn't be worth using if it was censored.
please take my advise and your happy caring family will always stay togeather and active and not always sitting on the computer stressing over work and playing videos games.
then seconds the computer said you have a virus.
listen here, here, here's my reason how computers are helpful.
i believe that computers have a strong negative effect on society but a stronger positive one.
i infact know a person and she's a very nice person.
they are big helpers.
the last bell rang.
the book the are very offensive can contain megative coments just to entertain the readers.
my last reason why i say that you should spend more time off of the computer is so that you could spend more time with your family.
did you know of students use the computer for the games and online talking.
most people not think so but there are many reasons why they are.
now he's in a dump.
these are things that are happening and parents need to open their eyes and see whats happening before its to late.
one life skill you can learn is how to type.
the hottest thing online these days is social networking, whether 's twitter, or facebook.
this happens maybe close to of the time that teens and even parents go into chat rooms online.
therefore i am very proud to have a friend like oliver.
this would be useful for a school project on a country.
it was performed in a park.
dear newspaper, you agree that people could use computers all the time and never get off.
i think that there are things we can do if we do not want to read that particular book.
you're not quite sure how to prepare for the trip.
the changes could be made but, if anyone tried to take something important away, would you not do anything to stop it?
not interacting with anyone causes their social skills to weaken since they are always on the computer.
its good to go on the computer for a little a bit but your on it all day then you could have no exercise and become lazy and fat.
also it does not matter to me if i have to pay for the things that i check out from the library.
the things to come are determined by the thinking, value and beliefs of these leaders.
the reason is because someone was making fun of them and they didn't like it.
do you want your child / children to be put at risk for using a computer too much?
the internet does effect how you exercise.
i beleive that computers are helpful, and useful to us.
let's go back around years ago.
if you don't develop these skills, you won't be happy where you end up.
firstly, using computers teaches people about hand-eye coordination.
a lower selection of books means less people have a reason to go there.
libraries need to put serious thought into what is on the shelves, no matter what form the information is in.
these are all problems that should be addressed.
the book '' is a professionally written, fictional novel that has been praised for it's quality, hence the numerous awards won.
talking to people world wide can be a very useful thing.
others think there kids seeing those offensive things will make them learn from it.
they use it a little too often.
for example, if i were to be stuck on some science homework i could probably type in my question on ask.com and get a great answer.
then get up and enjoy nature.
not only this you family.
on the other hand, i got to sit home and watch them have fun.
furthermore, instant messenger is the most addicting.
there were different kinds of birds.
for weeks i walked the halls scaared that i might have the same fate as the girl in the story i had read.
you can either be all alone on the computer or be outside, or be with your family, even the library isn't lonely.
there are ratings on movies, and books are written for a certain age limit so everything should be placed accordingly.
but there are a certain type of guests who are unwelcome.
a computer is a great thing to have for all these things.
if theres a school closing a delay you don't know that you would like to get as a .
could you imagine writing a newspaper a ?
computer have a positive effect on people because i believe the computer can teach people a lot.
i think that people all over the world should start enjoying nature, go travle the world.
children sould be taught that not eveything they see, hear ,and read are not always right or true.
this not be that serrws, but its shocking.
but there are trulthfully other ways to do them that we just aren't very used to because of the fact that we are so attatched to them.
witch brings me to the, sexual harrasment.
like if you have to do research on a certain project or subject the computer is the fastest way to get the information you need.
computers are good for last minute situations.
you can learn just about anything on the internet, and most of it is absolutely free.
but you could always go on google, ask or wikipedia.
i wrote the beginning it and my hand started to cramp up.
as you can see, i have stated many good reasons.
i could neither watch tv and enjoy, nor study.
some other sites are aim, aol, and myspace.
you wouldn't believe the things you can learn on a computer.
also, kids or adults will be unhealthy and not exercise.
if you have a computer, i'm sure you can agree with me that there are tons of good things you can do.
are you going to read about how people of your religion and maybe even your family were tortured?
as an example some people are against blacks and others are not.
people have different opinions about what is offensive to them and it would be very boring if everyone thought the same.
we also can find out about the stockmarket which is very important to many people.
i would say we spend more time interacting with our buddies and close ones online then we do in public.
many record keeping systems are switching to computers now.
by getting a book you know it's true.
maybe, go to the mall with friends and.
most of my family members life in , , and and just for a call its like ten dollars for a minute.
for this reason even older such as find computers weird.
dear newspaper, i know the debate on wether computers benifit soscity is greatly debated but to me the answer is odvious.
children need to learn those things sometime in their life.
also your going to have to eat and when you get exited your going to want to eat more.
i belive this and i have reasons why.
just go to the website and do it online.
they benefit society in every way imaginable, and have numerous positive affects on people.
there are many predators out there who are just waiting for anybody to log on.
tehy can do this through e-mail of video chat.
or if you're looking for a book for you can search websites for good books or ask a friend.
if a child watches movies that involve sexual themes, and actions, this can be very harmful to them physicaly.
they are either black or green in colour.
i also explainted how it can taking up your time with your main priorities in life and how to manage your time wisely.
so what are you waiting for?
people can also read things like newspaper online.
and wouldnt you want to go exercise and lose weight.
it is also a good in source because in school if your working on this big project a computer can help you do it.
hiding things from the public just because it might have some bad things in it is a little over the top.
what you not now, however, is that they supply a great amount of knowledge to the average person.
village are regarded as gentlemen.
if you found a book that you really like then read through it a bit or check it out on the internet to see what is about.
online we can research almost everything in the world.
this takes away the pleasures or reading, exercising, spending time outside and hnging with friends and fmaily.
many people have very busy lives and don't have time in write a letter or make phone call.
this is when someone gets bullied online.
everyone has there own opinions in life and sometimes keeping them to yourself is the best thing to do.
they do not exercise as much.
although i just mentioned two non-educational examples, there are many educatiional websites on the internet which children can learn from.
social networking is placed at the top of the list.
that is why people use computer for research.
however the adult magazines should not be showing people with barely any clothes on, or any sexual scenes, and neither should teenage magazines.
we just woudn't be the world we are without them.
they will they fall into a depression.
as you can see, i have given you three reasons why i strongly believe computers are badly .
i thought that was easier then finding time to you do a and then find out there only childrens books on that person.
i think if having certain material that isn't suitable for certain ages, then the children should be monitored closely on what they are pulling from shelves.
the problem is that people are spending hours on the computer each day.
if you had to do a project for school about a place outside of the the computer would help a lot.
when you live as a computer vegetable, your not getting enough exercise as you could or would be.
computers are educational, you get to talk to friends, and improve your hand eye cordination.
this is really helpful you want to learn about people from around the world.
you can also become better well friends with people you didn't know that wll, by saying hello, or how was your day.
hostel life has its own charm.
you fine out how old is or how tall is .
first off they can be dangerous.
they can let people learn about what is going on in the world, teach people good hand eye cordination and let people neet new people online.
also, people could learn about amazing places.
family is very important to most families now a days.
we left the place early next morning.
in fact, statistics recently released by the show that computers are the leading reason for obesity.
authors write books for a reason, musicians write music for a reason, people make movies and magazines for a reason.
it could even help you.
i believe there should be some censorship to some extent.
they allow me to talk to my friends when we can't meet up.
computers, how far we've come.
it;s a completely different story now.
this is a good thing because theyre able to talk to friends and family from a long distance and enjoy themselves.
people must adapt to technology, or we will fall behind and watch our slip away.
i know i wouldn't for my .
ok so i know, computers use up a lot of energy, but to be honest they don't have to.
the wife was very close to because spent the computer helping , there can was always in the on the computers.
a lot of theings seem to be censored in this world.
patrick, my brother, was then literally assigned by the doctor to play computer games to help his hand-eye coordination.
some people believe that if minority opinions or values are unrepresented, they will disappear.
i am here to persuade other readers about the negative affects computers have on people.
honestly, it is too difficult to say whether small problems in a book should be considered vulgar enough to ban a book.
some people still say its not enough.
also if kind of surgery on it and that will cause you from doing almost everything with that one hand.
the room is well-furnished.
dear , the computers that are being used, do have a positive effect on people.
does this mean anything to you?
the do there kind of things, because are bored people think that statement is true.
one laptop or computer store a bunch of and editing a breeze.
i was so exited.
after reading this letter, i assure you that you will agree with me.
this would not be fair to those who enjoy these kind of materials.
it was about a white dog and a dark colored dog together trying to find food and a place to sleep.
friends will talk to each other endlessly through , but have no words for each other when they meet face to face.
if someone doesnt like a book, then they dont have to read it.
i remember my kindergarden computer class where we'd reserch dinnosaurs and weather patterns on kid friendly websites.
i, for one agree with them.
i have been to the library as a child and seen all the books there.
i interviewed a student in the grade and she said, "" class inastly gets all homework done but sometimes we forget when we are on the computer.
famous neurologist stated in an article last week that, "" and computer strength the .
and finally, they are a powerful research device.
it stops people from taking a car ride to 's house.
the truth is no one is able to keep everyone happy.
they say they practice hand eye coordination, they can teach you about far away places and you can talk with people online.
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work i abhor-then you also have exactly the same right and so does everyone else.
computers are also great for typing out reports , making powerpoints for jobs and projects, and so much more!
they're getting fat!
so in conclusion the computer is a very good place to go shopping, read books, and play games.
computers are helpful in so many ways, , news, and live streams.
another example is when i go on a computer and i search computers.org it says that it lets people of the time talk to others online.
no one wants to live with regrets, so physical human interactions are necessary to live a non-regretful life.
the different sounds of music are based off generations.
your eyes are one of the most important parts of your body besides the vital parts.
though this is great thing to have acces to, it is still important to socialize with people in person, rather than socializing online.
we used to have to use encyclopedias or find books on those topics.
how is a young girl from a small town in supposed to find out how people in live their life?
do whateverenjoy time with your family.
i've never felt offended because of a song i've heard or anything people are going to say what they feel and want.
that is why computers have a good effect on people today.
back then there was nothing could do to take his daughter from her mother.
same use the internet for ingredence, car parts, ect.
he reaches for his duty at right time.
music has been around almost as long as mankind has been around.
for example, talking on the phone costs money, and why would you money when you could text, chat voice for free?
allowing that music, or movie, or book to be made, and then take it away is ridiculous.
something else that will bother many people is them not being able to get a book just because parents do not like it.
books found offensive to one person could have a completely different impact on the next reader; some even find the books relatable.
when there's minutes left, it gives you a warning.
some schools know a day almost depend on computers.
so its never.
dear , people like computers, a known fact.
ahving a computer is like your own personal handbook of veerything in the world.
dear newspaper, i believe that computers have a positive affect on society.
computers have good or bad effects.
that'll make the library much flow by easier.
it was great because it was right on the computer.
what you can find online still amazes me.
you not be exercising but you're expanding your knowledge aren't you.
first, i'll explain one of the advantages of computers.
a while it will eventually take a toll on the body.
i have a facebook and i always talk to my friends about events happining in school or school work.
this is all because of these computers now can go to any website do anything on that website.""
does using the computer you with problems your having with your family...@caps11!
the sun giving you the most beatiful tan.
due to an on going debattle about weither or not computers benefit society i am writing to you to inform you of my opinion on this mater.
we forget if ‘hopes are dups, fears may be biars.’ moreover defeat should not disappoint us.
books are here to enlighten people and let them experience something they never would have been able to on their own.
out of employees say that it is much faster and easier to e-mail information as opposed to talking them on the phone or in person.
computers have a positive effect on people because it teaches hand-eye coordination.
there are many books, music, movies, and magazines that people find offensive.
this helps us increase our hand eye coordination because it helps us think about what letters we are typing, the letters on the keyboard, and push them.
this be dangerous for younger people, so be careful.
christmas is one of my favorite festivals.
they can tell you any thing they want because they know that that's a little fantasy world.
between buying one, purchasing hardware and protection, and paying for maintanence, they are very expensive.
frist, computers are bad cause people wouldn't have time to enjoy the nature when its nice and warm out.
talking to family members can do good for you in many ways.
praying to god is part of all religious practice.
in conclusion, many people rely on the computer for information, and you wouldn't want to take that away from them, would you?
many people try to shelter their kids from it but the truth is if the kids really want to look at it they are going to find a way.
day and night, we are busy earning our livelihood.
did you know that nine out of ten people who use a computer have improved hand eye coordination.
i think is dangerous for kids.
they have games like baseball, hockey, and hurdles.
on each video there is a place to leave feedback on whether you liked or dislike said video.
lastly, mostly everybody has on the internet and would live to and with them while.
sometimes we would even have to travel to a place and learn about it.
the man would curse his lungs out.
lastly computer help people all around the world learn about almost anything.
people that made those mistake could tell the childrens that those stuff aren't wroth it.
says that of strangers that are molestores/ thugs go, after, people who don't protect their profile so protect your profile and be safe.
i do agree with this because with our countries of obesity.
she saw as too harsh of a book for me to read at the time, she wanted me to wait untill i was older.
everybody has had a book that they thought was offensive but then the next person read it and they might think it is funny.
you can have music while on the computer and you can watch and check out movies you like.
even if that includes some of them being offensive.
i believe it should be handled well mannered and it should be moved, to a not so easy reach to a five year old.
if you think about all jobs that are happening today also of the computer.
but if parents were more careful about what their children buy then there would not be a problem.
the computer gives us all the things we need.
if you do not like the music selection that the libraries have then go to a different store.
dear newspaper, technology was grown exponetially during the last few years.
parents all have a different opinion in what is good and what is bad for their children.
these people are so smart, they figured out a way to have school online.
how often do you go outside to take a walk, fo for a bike ride or something else?
technology holds you back from the real things in life.
the computor in my opinion has to be one of the best inventions ever.
apart from his studies, my brother is much interested in sports.
lastly, people now a days are using the computer as a sorce of reading instead of books.
also on parents complain about whats on , well there is a channel button and you can change the channel.
it is extremly handy.
dear , i believe that computers do benefit society.
plus, you have not seen them for awhile or haven't talked to them, you can webcam or video chat with each other.
you can't help what people want to listen to or like to read or watch.
teaches me how to type.
it amuses and excites.
i would like to say their i think it does benef it our society.
she answered yes.
', but only slightly.'
well you be right, but you would rather have our children see violence and other inappropiate materials that they shouldn't?
its plain to see they are already spending too much of their time online.
well i agree with them.
people is a function that and does where you order your online and they drop it off.
they will majority impact your future and impact all people in a bad way.
as you have now seen, my handwriting is not so great, so i end up typing a lot of my homework because of it.
i believe that having a computer can be a very cool thing to have and very useful when you need it.
adult should spend time by going outside then stayin at their house because of the world dont have computer at all.
young adults and adults are expected to type papers, resemes, and applications.
for example, you definitely need it in sports or more.
not only does it deny others of something they could love but it also destroys history.
today i am going to talk about certain materials, such as books, music, movies, and magazines.
they can help you learn new things meet new friends and give you something to do when your bored.
i know you think its taking away real social time but it really is improving the community.
thats what i think of if somone toke somthing off the shelves.
hello, my name is and i think that books, newspapers, and magazines being censored should be done but shouldn't.
finally, i believe that people who are against them just haven't used them in the correct manner.
its's fun, enjoyable, and most importantly, educational!""
i got the signature from the characters in my autograph book and also i took photographs with the characters.
if you ask me if i think censorship is important in libraries than i would have to say yes and no.
many homepage on the internet have news engines built into them.
it has increased there hand eye cordination by .
all the members of his family are good.
we would be able to talk in a chat room or on a game.
i felt a little giddy.
they can and most likely will come to your house for you.
in another newspaper not long ago, it stated that a student attending , was dropped out for doing so poorly during school.
also, people who work at a desk or in a cudical all day are almost always on the computer.
the amount of information out there is un imageinable.
but even though computers cause so many problems we can prevent them by using the computer to help us.
i've been to many libraries in my life and personally, it's amazing all the books, and things for you do there.
good hand and eye cordination could be used for many things.
you say that it will only take a minute and then you with type the article.
in some cases reading and knowing certain things that are offensive to some people should be known to the world.
things like and could have people that want to find out all about you so they can hurt you.
clearly, the computer plays a huge role in reconnecting faraway friends and family members.
i find this very helpful because even if you don't understand you homework, you can e-mail you teacher!
computers can help us with learning such as learning about or the population.
you can lison to all kinds of music like hip-hop, rap rock, or havey rock.
it is quite clear that using your computer to do research is a very valuable thing.
people thinks it very but it isn't, watch out what yo do.
if there is a book out there that is offensive in your view and you read it there is no reason you have to agree with it.
if people stay on the computer less and exercise more than this situation could decrease.
i got an a+ for my project.
it also help cops as in a speeder they can see it her or she have done it befor.
computers have a great effect on people.
book fairs are organized in all important countries to make the public aware of the new frontiers of knowledge.
also so when they are typing they wont have to keep looking down all the time.
kids feel that is more inportant than doing math homework.
first of the world is becomeing obease and cumputers play a huge part in this.
""experts"" on computers say that computers can be used for infenite nolege.
i've heard of teachers not letting the students see pictures of the , because the think it's offensive.
but when someone looks at the facts a computer is a great thing to own.
another great thing is that they have books for people in between, like myself, with teen books that spark our interest.
so the question is it wrong to censor something or not, i think that libraries should be able to censor certins things that people find offensive.
i can always change the radio station if i do not like what i am hearing.
now is the time to agree!
i remember a time when i had a project dure for 's in grade on .
second the computer gives people the ability to learn about places or people that they have never seen or heard about.
dear newspaper, in my opinion, computers definetely have a negative effect on people.
computers are beneficial because thy entertainment, inforormational and super yousfall., i injoy all the cool vidio on youtud while older pepole mite wash the news.
you can also learn about far away places, like .
in emails you can attach pictures and files with text to communicate.
with the ability to talk with another for work would make us a lighter nation.
thus the amount of offending someone goes down and maybe the library attendence goes up.
these materials can be found helpful to others.
they also do not want them to be checking out movies that can give them bad influins.
when on the computer there is no enjoying the outdoors.
lastly i know familys that get hurt by technology because that is all they do.
also the jobs it helps us the police, .w.a.t and the .
just because kids like the computer, that doesn't mean that that's the only thing they do.
my three topic's are they teach hand-eye coordination give people the ability to learn, and allow the people to communites.
techknowlogy has revolunoized the wat mankind lives and how they veiw society but it us all a good thing in the end.
also, of all computer users snack while online, which only increases weight gain even more.
i don't want her listening or watching movies or reading anything offensive or vulgar.
books should remain where they belong, in schools on the shelves.
they should be aloud anywere if they got illistrated.
on the internet you can learn about anything and everything.
it's a very good and helpful way for you, and it's so simple.
there are also websites you can go on too communicate with people from all around the world.
i know that personally i would not want someone to take away my favorite book so my child could not read it.
children are born with the instict to repete what they observe.
for example, the internet has many websites that keep people in touch.
dear , have you ever spent more than an hour at once on the computer?
not for the children's that go to the libraries.
people also spend way too much time using computers.
i support computers, and their advancement.
you sit and waste money, especially with our economy the way it is.
number of unemployed is rising fast.
state officials, governers, and even the president can post messages on websites for citizens to view while they check the weather or their email.
many people say its like staring into a flashlight for an extended amount of time.
if you think it might be offensive to you, then set it back on the shelf.
i have, but unlike some people, i don't blame on the libraries.
if scientists are going to complain about computers than why do they use them?
he was going to tech me how to use e-mail, i thought was going to be a waste of time,"" , senior citizen. ""
this is even taken to the extreme where people want censhorship on libraries to avoid this, which is wrong.
well why don't you just rip out your blackberry and find out?
search engines like or yahoo provide answers in less than one second.
one of the reasons why computer once horrible, is because people spend too much time on their computer and don't exercise.
computers teach us many things.
i like reading about anything and everything, so i would love to read things and spark my attention.
i would choose the one for computers.
you can pay your bills online or you can get a job online or even shop online.
some people need computers for their .
another reason i believe computers are good for studies in that you have endless.
computers are also not becoming a important and learning, making informationeasier to before.
and thats all there is to ..and thats what i think about library products like that.
removing offensive items would also be an intrusion of freedom of speech.
futhermore, computers are extremely essential to our everyday life because they help us communicate, learn and finish work.
as you keep reading you will find out my third reason for being to much and so long in the computers.
some libraries not meet their requirements and that is why libraries do not have as much business as others.
the last type of music is some of todays rap.
when i grow up ill probaly work on the computer because it is easer.
paying bills, facebook, and research.
everyone has a right to their own beliefs and opinions.
's wrong for the parents to let them be around that when they know has a label on saying ' ', '' or ''.
and thats not good for children to see when they are using the computer.
finally, computers are more efficent and easy to use.
the reasons which i am fighting for tell why, kids are in school more than half of the school day.
if you ever miss a show to watched home of the show and watch it.
also if we are so concerned as to what our children are seeing then that is where the parent would have to step in.
so, instead of trying to possibly find a book on the library.
taking certain books of shelves would be against our constitution.
i think that it's important for people to go outside and hang out with friends.
they are fast learners.
there been a recent study that says of people are inside doing nothing all day!
i will be telling you about how i think computers are great.
have you ever found a book offensive?
also, it gets in the way of exercising and spending time with family and friends.
dear news paper i have over heard this debate on weather computers are good influinces on people or not.
my next reason is that when you stay on too long you miss out on stuff like being with family.
my other reason to you why people use websites is for messaging.
dear , you believe people spend way to much that on computers?
my whole family lives in and it costs us twice as much to make a call there.
also, it would be good if you double check your information because it could be fake.
in conclusion, having no computers wouldn't be a great idea because of how much they help society.
those are harder to act rid of that people.""
they are makeing the world a very uptight and controlled place to be and based on that selected information, i'm sure you can see why.
there are also sites you can search for tutorials for playing instroments.
many people use this device to book vacation, talk and build relationship people and to discover new ideas the world have to make the disagree strongly.
they are the ones in charge of the kids.
lastly, your health is very much at stake.
if a parrot is reared in a house no outsiders could get in without being noticed.
dear , you know computers are a major part of our society.
computers have tought a very valueable to every user; hand-eye coordination!
they could not wait to get on that flaming red bike t go play ball with joey.
now, people can think that computers are good for you too.
censorship can be used to block one's personal thoughts and opinions to promote conformism.
with students having very little coordination, computer games lowered the to .
it was a cold day.
this will effect our youth because we will be fat, unhealthy and sluggish all the time.
"", please read my reasons why computers are essential.
even students can do their home work, test and quizzes online!
let's take people in my age group, for example, some of the boys are still immature, and think it is funny to act out.
i love talking online because ont of best friends in the whole word moved down to so i don't get to talk to her too much.
now i don't know if you ever heard of these magazine , but i think it is very wrong that they use wonmen bodys for men to view .
to begin, computers are a great source of communication.
then in no time you will be hanging out with your friend.
get from the sun, and without going outside, don't get .
now i hear my favorite tunes.
definitely the best books i've ever read, but reading these books hasn't changed who i am.
and i know that some people find rap music offensive and some doesnt.
you want the kids in to spend hours each day on the computers playing games while they could be outside getting fresh air?
in this life time we will all have our own oppinions about topics and problems in the world.
the idea of the removal of 'offensive' material from libraries is understandable.
it's population, density, languages, foods or holidays, computers are the easiest and most simple way to get this information.
you can just take that person out of the world.
we cannot see air.
most times people forgot and dont know what something is except for how a computer because they play on it so much.
computer act like teachers teaching us without us even knowing it.
that is my reasons i think you should exercise then stare at the computer screen.
's grades have dropped tremendously and he has gotten very chubby compared to what he used to look like.
i have long brown hair.
for example, many people rush to stores early in the for huge sales on "" .""
you can live without using a computer for us a week.
for example, when i see older brother go on the computer he look much smarter on it.
how is that fair?
the computer can only show you nature, but you must log off and find it for yourself to truly appreciate it firsthand.
three reasons why computers are good is that you communicate with other people.
therefore people need computers so they can keep in touch with their families.
benefits that game help?
imagine you doing a report on life in .
if schools are allowed to continue censoring books, then this could lead to a downward spiral of all being censored.
you can learn about everything on the internet and it is quite amazing.
parents are guardians for a reason; they need to monitor their child and care for him or her.
out of people contact far away friends and family by e-mail!
i'm not saying it's a bad thing i mean the computer has the internet which allows you to go to anything like websites and online chatting.
many people think computers are bad or that we spend less time outside because of them.
so go exercise and lose weight because it's good for you!
second of all computers people to talk to other people around the world.
i also belive computers restrict people who talk through it to show emotion.
many are not aware of the several pedifiles and creepos these sights carry, which can lead to abduction, rape or worse.
one good thing is that you get to talk to people.
the soldier is always ready to defend the country and die for it.
thats why i think computers are positive and helpful.
i think they should go upstairs with the mushy romance and wacked out western.
throughout the ages we have been evolving, from caveman discovering fire to discovering how to fly.
some have problems and some of the books can help them.
i think that people are mature enough to pick what they read, and as for children their parents are the one's that could pick for them.
the students picked a different carrer after that one week.
this will make you a lot more friends.
after reading this if have proven that my should be admired by many people.
but he is not the only person with this issue.
there is also vertual sport games that you can play for that is on the computer.
those who have come to receive or see off their relatives leave for home.
communication is a great utilixation of computers, as is the simplicity to perform everyday tasks online.
people think they are private, but everything that is uploaded or posted is public.
also if you sit on a chair all day, honestly what will happen to you?
post offices carry our messages to distant places.
one of the reasons why i support advances in technology is because computers/phones can help us get information on things we need to get information on.
if they got off of their computers for a minute they could see the animals before they are gone.
why wouldn't you want to have strong hand-eye coordination?
dear , a regular day for a person, with a computer, includes at least three hours using the computer per day.
for example when hurricane katrina hit computers were able to see that on their.
censorship has become such a big problem in the world when there are so many other things people should worry about.
to have the opportuniy to talk to people online is great.
there is also video chat you can actually see someone who is talking to you from anywere.
computers are one of the best technology we have .
i think that when it becomes a threat to the they should remove material.
you can check up on your local news, by having 's of electronic newspapers right at your fingertips.
next, programs on the computers such as a.i.m.
there are some people who want to express their feelings with the whole world with people that understand and agree with what they feel.
computers help advance research, help people reconnect with one another, and help the communicate, who knows that computers will help us accomplish next?
the scenery was breath-takingly beautiful.
also, free ?
learn, communicate, entertain youself.
if you are on vaction or live in a different place from you and want to see them you can video chat with them over the computer.
five years ago i had to move from to .
they control life in the major part.
if you just give every book a chance you will find a good reason for it to be read
the reasons why be people would be less active, people will not interact well & people enjoy nature.
one reason is that people can chat with one another.
that isn't the smartest idea because half of the websites that you click on or go to don't even have the correct information.
did you know that of people the age of have jobs on the internet?
but no matter what you try to do, something bad will be out there waiting for you.
well, if you don't know, i do.
take it away.
in the school newspaper, told about her homework problem. ""
as years have gone by i could see that a ton of thinhs are runed by computers and that alot of people use them.
you could just search through your bookshelf to find an almanac.
books have been apart of every single person's life as soon as they learn to read.
it helped people learn more information, communicate with people, and invent more technology.
to conclude, my thoughts are very important to consider because, mny other people would be shy to wirte this and get it published in their local newpaper!
little kids, like myself, think they're grown up & go on computers & meet rapist, murderer, thiefs, all kids of criminals.
is instant messging which is, well, instant.
people become overweight also.
why a computer isnt always a good thing.
some of the reasons are obesity, cramps, more sexual harrassment and even cyber bullying.
i would enjoy my hobbies and complete some urgent duties also.
i for one think that they need to put more magazines on the stands so you can have more information.
and some of these people might be safer staying inside.
that' the parents fault.
we could look up who was the of in the would get multiple sites on the .
so i say keep computers here to stay.
they help hand-eye coordination give the ability to learn about faraway places and allow you to talk online with other people.
all of a sudden, it becomes dark.
you tube in said to be a dangerous site for younger children.
so why try and control us all as one.
its simple with most computer soft .
some times she explains with the help of charts and maps.
people to for freedom over much bigger issues than books.
hundreds of amazing facts on it.""
sadly this is not happening because people are so isolated to their computers they don't spend one minute with family or friends.
one reason why you should think that computers are good is it has a positive effect on people!!
in my opinion people arent, and there are many benefits from being on the computer.
well it's a contacting source you can use to contact family and friends.
it needs to be fixed.
reason could you have to use a computer after learning how bad it is for you and your !
but you need to build a strong relationship with your family in order for them to be there for you.
for example i had to research a person my project & all i dis was type in his name & pages full of information popped.
lastly, why computers are positive is kids and adults can talk to there friends or family quicker.
our culture is now bigger, better, faster and stronger, thanks to the help of technology today.
getting in touch with friends and family isn't all that bad is it?
but of this will happen if you stay on your computer .
he thinks it sounds amazing to drink.
last, computers are a waste of time, money and effort.
when i was a child, my mom spend hours in the local grocery, shopping for food.
this are three reason a think that.
computers are very useful for homework because when you type a report it looks more professial.
one more thing computers aren't bad education.
out of that , are suffering from obeasity.
letters also take forever to recieve, while instant messeges come, well, instantly!
said, ""i usually use the computer.""
like who won the election, or who won the sports championship.
nevertheless computers are fun to go on like playing addicting games.
in conclusion, people should have limited time on computers.
i talk to them evry day because i have a laptop and they say that.
doing everyone a favor.
computers are not only great for academic purposes, but also for leisure purposes.
theare two websites that are used to post pictures and to talk to chosen friend.
this is why so many companies are realizing that sites like , , and are gaining in popularity.""
students can connect to old friends from other places and even other countries.
my last reason is you can make friends.
it could also help us explore deeper into space and find more planets and galaxies.
since more and more people have been using computers, the technology gets higher and people can acess much more things.
also, do you remember when was the time to put the alarm clock on for ?
just , my computer got a virus i had to get fixed and that took for ever.
how are we suppose to teach history without telling the whole story.
so these web chatting websites; oovoo, facebook, myspce, skype, etc, is allowing people to reconnect.
although technology, namely computers, can be a wonderful thing, we need to look at the downside.
i really hope that my opinions means something to you.
while people use the computers, they dont interact and meet new friends in person.
has brought the unlucky bullied students a one way ticket to getting cyber bullied.
computers can help us in so many ways including making learning easier, helps students do better in , nad serves as a great teaching tool.
i belive computers have a good effect on people.
dear local newspaper, i think using a computer has become bad influence on modern society.
technology is not our enemy.
because of the computer we can talk to them whenever or email a video of our big event.
in the , everyone is given the right of free speech.
say that you have to look something up for school and you can't get to the liebery, but you have a computer at your house.
though that most libraries split a lot of there sections up by ages.
how happy i was!
he past his hour playing outside.
even if you were on the computer doing research for a school project, the computer still wouldn't help you.
he brings the good and bad news from the relatives.
even a video game is fun as being with them, quoted from ""i have a computer not for friends, but for work"".
people who hike and really enjoy being outside are smarter than people who don't.
we need to break those habits of going back to the computer.
the point of this writing is to show that removing these books and novels from the libraries is not going to help anything.
this statement proves that the lack of physical interaction with human is a crucial subject to touch on.
for instance, the book 'to a ' was banned for a long time.
i believe that computers are a great tool for several reason.
to whom it concern: i think computers have a great effect on people.
do we stop expressing ourselves in the way we desire because it is not appropriate?
i use aim to talk to all my friends, i use to face with.
when i have an essay to do i always use the computer first.
the ostrich defends itself from enemies by kicking.
new times & the wall street have moved their news mainly to the internet allowing people across the to see them.
nowadays, many people take for granted the knowledge that can be obtained there.
's bad to you not be bad to me, or the next person.
you even decide to cut the sports from your life.
missed each other until i turned and was invented.
is sort of the same way, some not agree with what he/she picks out and you know they might be interested in.
as a child did you spend all of your time indoors and online?
for example a muslim could walk in the library and here others listening into music with nothing but profanity.
advances in technology.
the most important reason is because it help people learn about different cultures and ways of life.
dear , i agree with some of the perfesionals that think the computer keeps people from exersising, enjoying nature, and spending quality time with friends and family.
but computers are spending to many times on their computers.
please help us promote censorship in libraries to make a more respectful environment.
when a high percentage of people join that cause, then it should be banned.
children see it outside of school and stay away from it then so they can stay away from it in school also.
many people reach their offices late.
some homework requires us to make powerpoints, write a paper on historical facts, and we need computers to do so.
thier could be many people out thier that really like that book or those books, and they wouldn't be able to enjoy them anymore.
another one was to explore and go on a hike to see what is out there and just have a good time.
are you one of those people who's parents don't you get a phone because use of how much it costs without even the cost of texting?
one posotive affect of computers is that they allow you to connect with people around the world.
if an adult doesn't want their child seeing something, they could simply take them to children's section where it won't be seen.
kids should not be allowed to view that detail until they are ready for it.
also share great laugh's.
to whom it concern, more people are getting involved with using the computer while i think that is great other don't.
so if you!
in that situation i would just go on computer and a friend asking them for the assignment.
prince siddhartha led a joyful life during his young age.
ever since computers were invented not only have they downsized, but became more and more useful.
well, we must make sure that this is a great opportunity to ensure our future .
it ruines their life by having no friends at school an all they do is go straight for the computer.
i beleive that computers are good for the future.
if we got out of a fake reality, there wouldn't be negativity in our life.
i had a situation once when the title of the book sounded great and when i started reading it it had a lot of curse words in it.
they travel news fatser.
, an obesity expert, says, ""i have seen a positive correlation with the obesity rate and that of .""
in conclusion i believe that computers are bad because of obesity, missing nature, and not enjoying company of family & friends.
each day, more kids are getting addicted to the computer.
making a call from to can be very expensive but with email, i can talk to my friend, , free of charge.
so then she gave me her email to contact her on the computer so i could talk to her.
in closing i would like to add that i can also see why people would want to censor certain things.
different types of communication on the computer can be e-mail, instant-messaging, video chat, online chat groups...etc.
the advances in technology have proven the sky have the limit the invention of planes.
he admitted me to the first grade.
computers should be for important things like searching for jobs and other things.
almost everyone works during the week, and if you not realize it, we get most of our help from computers.
the computer will always be there, but only have one of us and one ofour planet.
now the music part i can understand, some be a little innapropiate for younger listeners so like i said before again change the station or dont buy that .
also can always help you on something that you need help on and you can do different kinds of activities.
if they didnt, they would be having hand cramps all the time!
the reason why i believe they should not be removed because everybody is equal and not everybody likes to read the same books.
teens that are mature shouldn't get punished just because inmature can't watch a movie, listen to sond, read a book or a magazine.
it bothers them they could get in trouble with school and at home.
it prepares a man for the day’s work.
also they even make stone which is very popular learning a different language and where you learn this from is on a computer.
when you go on the computer the thing people go on is the internet.
yes, i do think they should censor reading material, but to an exstent they need to have books for kids at certain age groups.
sge helps ne through all mt personal problems, and without this way talking with her worl be lost.
you can view many types of animals and study them.
this are my detailed and resons for yor with me.
computers turn kids and parents into wild beasts.
so if you don't have a cpu you get one and will do other fun stuff you like.
books that are found to be offensive should not be taken off of library shelves.
secondly, computers give people the ability tolearn about faraway places and people.
i will be talkin about things that help the human nature with one technology computers.
thats another reason to why computers affect people in a bad way.
i personnaly agree with th statement that computers benefit in society.
and some people get offended by some books or movies.
it's fine to go on the computer time to time, but not for hours.
i am very fond of my dog.
since some internet sources are very social, and not all people are kind, mean and inappropriate articles and language could be read.
the era of when the book takes place is also a key factor.
also most families or friends will lose contact because they lost a fun way to communicate.
during my last summer vacation, i went to shimla.
these are so many ways communication can be made through a computer such as , , , , , and even email!
going back to research, what about for solving crimes?
they allow friends and family who live far away from each other to communicate and stay in touch.
others play games online.
where can you go wrong with that?
futhermore, computer specialist, , says, ""i learned hand-eye coordination using a computer.
but at the same time there not so healthy to you and your family.
it is in my opinion that the library should oblige by the people, and take in reference how different people feel about certain books.
its good to go out once in a while and get a breathe of fresh air.
if that soultion does not work, then try and rate the sections like we rate movies.
i get so frustrated that i hardly take bath or eat breakfast.
it just depends on how you feel about what has been written.
the internet allows people to learn-and more than just what you would get from a book at the library.
the reasons are for if somthing happens.
so unless you want all those things happening to you, i suggest you spend less those on the computer!
also, this is a big problem for familys because they dont hang out with each other because their always on the computer.
different communication programs include and e-mail, the most commonly used cite.
you could find ways to improve how you play or you to play that sport.
everyone of us waits for the postman whether he brings something for us or not.
with so many people aquiring new devices, fewer people will be able to keep track of what goes where and who sees it.
don't make it to where other people can't read the book if they like those kind of themes.
therefore, having a computer to learn about faraway places and people can ensure happiness and succes in the future.
i have a half sister who i only get see like once a year or once two years.
magizines gives you alot of information that one be seeking for.
for people bills are a strugle.
not to mention you can go with a family, friend of even be tutored.
also the computer can teach you lots of thing.
you can do almost evrything on the computer.
that can usually take up a lot of peoples time.
i think that if it's something going on in the world we live in, then it might as well be available for the public to access.
now i only see them about twice a year, it is so quiet without them, especially at my house.
we need to do something now!
i can never play with other people with online multiplayer.
sometimes, the cat spends hours and hours at the rat-holes in searching of tats.
we can go on the internet and go to a news website and look at the wether so we can make plans for the day.
i don't think so in my opinion.
by being on the computer it helps teach people hand-eye coordination.
a third reason why i think computers are having a negative effect on people is because they are distracting and they waste time.
in conclusion, computers are harvesting @caps2 which leads to emotional discomfort.
also computers sometimes make kids want to not clean their room, not do chores because they are addictid to the computer.
but yet they do.
are turning people against each other.
while on the computer, the users eat and will gain weight because of the loss of exercise.
animals, sports, a report to do on , where do you go to find easy-to-read information instantly?
that also can help make projects.
have you ever got or check out a book or something that has been racial to you or you think it should have been censored?
see love can be found out on computers and a lot of fun too.
a third reason why censorship should not be inforced as much is; it takes away the awarness of the dangers in everyday life.
these are just a couple of the positive affects and benifits that computers provide us with.
so i hope that i haven't taken to much of your time up.
there is the young adult section, adult, and youth.
i haven't sent a card in years.
they have three fins and a beautiful tail.
or you can just keep in touch with friends that so to a different school.
firstly, people are for geting how important it is to excaise.
there are lots of different kinds of books, if the books you are reading offend you, look for a different type of book
you can have a new best friend every day!
in my oppinion i think that it is fine to have some things out that offend people because that is how alot of people find humor.
computers update you on world news.
people are becoming more addicted because of facebook, twitter, and much more computer sites.
if they still have it in your library, then it should have a warning on it or be on a high shelf.
i think that becuase if we combined everyones things that they hate, it would most likely be everything.
computers are great for keeping in touch, it also wont cost you a lot for long distance, like phones would.
more people took advantage of this, we could sace millions of trees and have a healthier environment.
is a free online application that you can download to your computer, add your friends, and video chat!
we soon rushed to the spot in our boat.
there is no doubt that health is wealth.
computers allow people to interact with cites, increase your hand-eye coordination, and allow you to have the world at your fingertips.
first thing is that computers are having a effect on people and there life computers are making people just fit inside on their computers all day and do nothing.
my last point would be that computers are a huge help for buisnesses.
father was scammed, or connect on the .
talks about sex!
another can people computer spend less time with family and friends i was watching television and playing on the computer.
computers are always being used for several things.
or you never know you could forever and never be found.
new blood is formed.
lastly, if children become addicted, they could do poorly in school for refusing to do homework.
people state that computers have made citizens lose there daily exercis.
well that's the problem you don't get any exersize.
to help improve this people need practice.
i got a word i didn't know and had always had trubble spelling it.
for example, what if your boss wats to find the of products ?
you can also conduct research on the web, you with many projects.
have their own.
the are endless.
when you webcam you can see the person whom you are talking to you can hear them and they could hear you through a microphone on the webcam.
mu mom just wanted to learn about so she just looked it up on the internet from her computer.
i will be out of shape and weaker once my match or next game come along.
when you complain about something might as well complain in a nice way, because if you do then that person you are complaining to will be nice back.
often, people will claim certain work to be unjust without understanding the viewpoint of the supposed victim.
that experience was not only with a friend but it happened with a family member as well, my grandmother.
i feel as though reading something that offends me puts me in a state of mind as though i would not like to read any longer.
computers are also safe to make sure your kids are safe.
it can provide you with directions,recipes, job offers, store locations show times for movies and much , much more.
he returns home very tired.
music isn't the only source of offensive material in today's society.
it is clear, computers have a positive affect on people and society.
the library is meant to be a place that is filled with materials of all different genres and types.
these programs are like going to school, but more accesible to the public.
so thats what my person input is on the situation.
teenagers love to eachother when there at home because its so fast its like really talkiing to them.
write a letter!
did you know a lot of people spend their time on the computers?
first reason is computers help learn yoga.
such working, or for most teens, doing homework.
now you know why computers help people develop better hand eye coordination.
their going to have to learn about it sometime in their life though.
i had finished my syllabus, but i was still very worried.
, this new technology is harmful and very damaging to our vision.
but, maybe if we put censorship in libraries then some or most of the problems can disappear.
next, computers are agreat way for many people to pass some free time.
you need to use your time wisely.
we can send registered letters, birthday greeting, parcels and money orders through the post office.
that's why i think offensive materials should not be removed from libraries.
katherine paterson once said 'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other chilren have taken off the shelf.
if you needed to do a projecct you can look up what the weather is like, and what the people do.
another example is online arguing which can lead up to many problems like fighting when you get back to school.
in fact, many employers hire you based on your keyboarding skills, ones one is skilled enough they even teach themselves to type without looking at the keyboard.
there are many different versions of the but, many different religions.
we can see what happens on the other side of the world.
computers and almost everyday.
i hope you consider this.
it helps us build hand-eye coordination.
this is why i believe that people shouldn't take things out of the libraries.
electronics arent everything in life.
by downloading from the internet like lime wire.
of people believe is very important did you know that.
think about, paying somebody to count your taxes year after year, when you can save a fortune and do it yourself.
parents need to watch what there kids read and watch on a daily basis.
between the months i train all the way up to then my dad does another assment.
imagine your family member or friend fighting in the war miles away.
in fact, , superintendent schools in , recently stated in this newpaper, the , that he planed to implement the program into all schools during the year!
she's not the only one with a laziness problem.
the next thing you know as it's ten o'clock and your work is not completed.
so when you teacher is grading on neatness no worry.
their are so many great things out there that could be put at risk.
i think computers are great effects on people, they help out a lot.
the world wide web is a big place were peolple from all over the.
dear , i am writing to tell you about the effects computers have on people.
dear local newspaper, has come to attention that we are debating on weather or not computers benefit society.
there are a lot more inportant things in life an people need to understand that.
so, now you know wh computers are a very important part of our society.
the internet is a great way to learn about different places in the world.
the one against computers or the one for computers.
apparently that is not a message worth teaching the youth of .
do you believe libraries should remove items some people find offensive?
there was water everywhere.
just like how i talk to people about a band we both love.
using the computer could limit this time, and that probably isn' healthy being in the house all day.
do you have fond childhood memories that involve nature?
those are my three reasons.
censorship, taking books, movies, magazine, etc.
would you like your child to be surfing the internent alone without you for hours when you don't know what they are doing.
to deny access to those who find those books fine for themselves wouyld be wrong.
more and more people are making less effort to see people in person.
and people dont feel like going to school because their over and there tired and ther just want to use the computer all day with not stopping.
you don't even have to play outside, you can just walk with someone or just sit on the grass and talk.
a computer is more educational than what most people would think.
dear local newspaper, i support the advances in technology, and believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
these are all reasons for those book to be ban from libraries or at least glued to the shelves.
my family has gone to many different areas around the world.
there are infinite numbers of information in the world and computers help find it.
they can do and research whatever they want.
if there is something els to do besides play the computer do it.
that was the sound of a light bulb going off in your head.
as the night grew it became colder.
you can even webcam with people.
computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people.
in a library though, your mother might not always be there to pre-read your books for you.
personally, i think that most fictional books are intertainment only.
i have known who have been censored all there life, and when they learn about all they cant even handle .
what if you didn't see your best friend in years and you lived long distance?
computers also are another way to comunicate to people for away it only a few houses down.
teenagers as well as adults have become very lazy.
you wouldn't have to miss anything because with a click of a button you will have the materials needed for what was missed.
your spending too much time on the computer your mom and dad well out.
when we start giving up rights such as freedom of speech we will not be able to stop those people who took those right from taking more.
after you have all of these, you can connect with the rest of the world!
computers just make you break away from your family and friends because your worrying whats happening on the internet.
what is your opinion?
technology is advancing every day.
of this, people are saying who cares about nature & the rain forest? "
computers are made it do all to help us learn.
thats all people need to do instead sitting on thier butts all day move around.
nobody has the same views as everybody else, each person is different in their own way.
she simply understood that wanted to check out and return one.
many of spend hours glued to our computer screen everyday.
i also joined them.
people doesn't exersise anymore, instead of them playing games like, soccer, volley-ball, baseball or even running, !!
my third reason is children should be outside playing and exercising.
just because that is what my family believes to be right does not mean it is the only wat to live.
if speed is what you need, then you will look for a computer.
out people agree that computer help hand-eye coordination.
study show that an average spends in total hours a day on the computer, almost double what they should be spending on it.
dear local newspaper, i am writing a letter to you to explain why i think computers are not good to have.
you can be healthy, happy, and safe without constantly typing any at the keyboard.
dear newspaper, i've read your article about peoples opinion on the affects of computers.
for me to do as my teacher asked i had to go to a public library and get the book.
i rember once in grade i had to do a research project on .
like computers sometimes keep kids out of the street so they wont get in trouble.
so, why dont they get the choice to listen to it whenever they want to?
a library is a place to go and find books, music, and other things.
the next pressing issue is the amount of reading the average teenager and does.
doesn't the admisistrations of schools want kids to read to get their test scores up?
with new things coming out these days, i, , believe that all things out in libraries should have a certain organization for certian subjects.
they teach hand-eye coordination, lets people talk to other people online and can get people great jobs.
then the bottom level should be the children level.
with the way the media works, it would be difficult to remove all these items from libraries and stores.
this can be schevered by asting a frend to go on a compy trip with ypu or spending a little diugh to enjoy yourself.
people will cuss you out if they feel like it while in books, the language limited to one or two bad words.
in order to do that you have to see life and go out there and experance , not sit on a computer!
first all, a negative effect computers have on people is that they spend too much time on the computer and that leads to less exercise.
this shows us teenager to think like our lives depended on it.
it is also faster than wating for them to anwer the phone and ther phone mite die.
i remenber a time when i was bored so i decided to do my homework.
people spend all their time on a social net work other then going out and meeting new people.
some experts are concerned about people using computers and not enjoying nature and going outside.
aunt rosi gave it to me as a present.
it costs ridiculous amounts of money, causes health problmes, and poisons the minds of children to believe that life is an easy thing.
also, you can communicate with friends and family.
parents need to be for their kids.
what they dont realize is that if it was taken out of the library their would be more upset and angry people then happy.
my friends moms changed because she got a computer.
your family will help you get over any problem so that you can keep moving forward.
that is how you get kicked off of these things.
without computers our country probably wouldn't be as evolved as it is today.
you can learn about faraway places.
you woudn't even want to try this.
from my experiences as a student, i don't believe taking offensive material off the shelves is necessary.
here is my second reason.
she has gotten into some really horrible situations.
is and was originally invented to keep in touch with family.
same with many other people.
every year, thousands of students go to college, and thousands of families move away from each other.
now that you know three opinion's on what effects computer's have, people can alway's excrise around there house or around there block.
dear you ever just wanna go out side and play a game of football with the ones you love?
without the computers most of us would not no about world news.
everyone hid in attics and basements waiting for the world to end.
either they take the wrong way or they just think 's wrong.
for example, people die of.
documents containing stories of wars, leaders, rising and fallsing of many empires and kingdoms would all be gone because the violance was to offensive.
the pandal was decorated.
you might not know it hut all the communications in the world need a .
some might find it offensive and others not.
the boy did not know how to swim.
i couldn't imagine how scarse out book selection would be if we were to rid the libraries of all books that people might find offensive.
this is another negetive effect computers have on people.
one example is you can use shut-off timers that keep anyone from going onto the computer for to long.
computers play many roles and being used for fun is one.
we have to chop so many trees down just to get paper to each kid in the grade.
a lot of people are not active because they on the computer harms on end.
most jobs in our world need the computer for something or other.
of computers these days come with soft wear in them that comes with a calculator.
you can chat with someone half way around the world.
the use of computers all the time can effect people's health, family and friends, and their apprciation of nature.
college is important because it has a big role in our life so we earn great jobs.
in fact, shows that of people hesitate to go on vaction because they don't know about the country or place.
little kids should not be reading books with alot of swearing and evrything cause no kid needs to act like that.
it follows me to the nearby garden.
they would be able to handle something in the adult material category.
instead of organizing by author they should be organized by age restrictions.
dear, @organization1 computers... they are sometimes bad and sometimes good they're like people.
dear , i think computers do benefit society because computers can do alot of things like teach you.
thank you for your time.
another thing the computer helps with is people with bad handwriting.
computers are a great thing for everyone.
so, the base they ace at you can talk to them over video mail.
my mom has had experience with computers and asures me that when she was younger you couldn't just sit there and not get out.
it shows kids that not everything is perfect.
the computers tell us how the war is and about what the president is doing.
if computers did not have such a on people this would not be a problem.
get off you computers and go outside!
without computers some businesses would be unable to function, and those could function, would be awful slow.
computers are becoming a household item in the and around the world.
there are many educational websites on computers.
and adults, wanting to avoid an awkward conversation, make up stories or do not tell them the whole truth.
when i was , my friend move to .
i cant contact my mom i email her on my computer.""
computers are great.
first, computers need electricity to run.
it should be on the shelf even if it is offensive.
yes, it can be dangerous, but with proper education on it the internet is a good source of information and an pass-tie, if not abused.
any one can use them and learn new things at the same time.
secondly computers help people learn new things.
i will be talking about, do think books, music, or even magazines should be removed from libraries if they are found offensive.
if you really have a problem with some of the things out there why would you let your childern get it.
in conclusion, you understand what you can and cannot read.
we will always be in contact with the ones we love.
so, which would you choose - losing your family relations or keeping in touch via email and computer applications?
people sit in front of there computers all day when they could spend that time exercising, my dad got extremly over weight when we got a new computer.
whether they like it or not things are offensive to somebody out there and there is nothing we can do out there to change that.
there are men and men and every stone is not a gem.
the level increased dramatically and so have the high pressure level!
companys made other company mad because the other companys were making better styles.
the is so helpful.
in conclusion computers are an easier way to get information.
how do they cokme up with it?
you just gotten make that type of change.
what about children, can we trust their better judgement?
how great is that?
they can help with homework, interacting with people, and even help us with exercising.
there were also rope-dancers and magicians.
and that concludes my or should i say your next top story.
email of course!
but many of us will.
programs like allow you to make new friends as well as reconnect with old friends.
you don't trust the internet because you have heard so much about someone'es identify or money taken away from them.
many people take this as a serious thing.
perfect democracy can be achieved by educating all people in a country.
well who wouldnt!
an example of this is the school i attend, middle school.
when people are on the computer they end up ignoring nature.
dear , in my opinion computers are wonderfull to the society in many ways.
a library not be able to please everyone.
everything is offensive to someone.
fineally you spend all your time at home being computer.
a study conducted the shows that children that use the computer hours a day are more obese then children who use it one hour or less a day.
in conclusion, i believe that books should not be taken off library shelves just because it is offensive to you.
while nothing beats talking in person computers can get really close such examples are webcams or e-mail.
it's done in moderation though.
i think that computers are a good thing to have because many people use computers for school, work ect.
books, music, magazines, ect should not be remove from libraries.
for other people though, the story is much different.
having a computer could make you have draw perspective of everything.
computers are absolutly needed when kids have a load of homework and projects that need to be researched.
it is found almost everywhere.
people can also invist in items but invisting is tricky you dont always win.
going to college not everyone has enough time in a day to drive to school, well with your computer you can go to school right online.
internet helps people in meany ways.
my father handwrites all of his papers.
but with computers that isn't really possible.
dear , do people benefit from the use of computers.
teachers also use computers to make homework pages and they need to print stuff off of word.
many people think that people overuse their computers, but that the users fault not ours.
out of have said they are their are spending to each time on the computer.
like talk to friends, look up info and teach skills.
but i think that need to cut down on the use of electronics.
i feel this way because there are alot of horrible things in this world.
if the author likes how it was originally made, then thats how they would like to present it.
finally, it take's away from all the exercise you need.
it would be unjust to stop advancing in this technological wonder.
do you want your child to suceed in life?
also you can put clothes and other store products an hold.
typing is often faster than writing, and is always easier to read.
but with a computer, you wouldn't need to do any of that.
there is a picture of just about anything imaginaeable on the internet; from the palm shaped islands of , to the frozen tundra in the .
i believe this is an advance in our modern day society because you could get the information you need.
my father bought the tickets and we entered the gate.
hand-eye coordination is an important skill to have when excersising by playing sports or working out, which is also important and very good for our bodies.
i can remember when my step mom was a size six in the waist.
my brother’s name is oliver.
the internet is a great place to research for big papers and projects.
i disagree what people say about computers.
so, online is my for why you, the local newspaper, should agree with me.
finally, the last great thing about the internet and computers is that you can entertain yourself through online games and movies.
all this has been done with ease before we could even on a light bulb.
e-mail, , and are just of the commnly used websites on computers they make talking to friends and family easier and faster then ever.
this has not only made leaving , but has also helped in studying for tests for elementary school.
just remember to be careful!
so people that use computer for good stuff its old for mids for good ganes of good.
doctors always reccomend everyone to get a least an hour of exercise everyday.
farmers need water for cultivation.
proven by the syber bully that over of children have bin syber bullyed or bulllied someone.
this is the third reason on why computers have an huge effect on people.
another good thing about computers is you can also have fun on the web, watch movies, even go shopping.
well i have some people spend to much time on their computer completely choice.
the valuable time of getting daily exercise is reduced, you will not see your family enough and some of the costs are outrageous!
dear, local newspaper i read the article and i think that you guys are right because in the kids rather stay inside on the computer.
she said that just looking at the screen and she wanted to go helped a lot.
it be fun, but it could also but your health.
i don't and neather should you.
no more, ""i didn't know/remember what was homework/project due.
the world is exposed to offensive material everyday.
since people are always on computers they don't get out and exercise as much.
but, eventhough we forget our homework, we also forget to study before a test.
everyone is entitled to their own beliefs and different ways of expressing themselves.
if you took a survay of the number of students who have a facebook account or , you would probably get the majority.
they might not get enough excersise or not do any homework which will make you grades drop.
i my i can shut it .
you have another virus.
i say it can be an advantage because it is giving people a chance to experience above and beyond what they are learning.
computers have some good advantages here and there but mostly result in a negative effect.
i hope that my three reasons of contacting family and friend and hand and eye cordnation and lastly researching has made you think it a good thing too.
or other stuff but computers have more good stuff about them they bad things so that?
you this young teen thinking thats your friend says yea sure.
computers are filled to the top with gadgets & accesories that make our life easier.
so please take my opinion into consideration.
this extensive use of technology creates a lack in their exercising habits, , they enjoy nature much less.
is also something called cyber bullying.
dear local newspaper, a place where they are all on computers all day long, everyday.
he has to keep smiling against all odds.
in conclusion, i believe that nothing can truely be defined as offensive.
, my aunt an former physisist, said.
there are many way computers do and don't benifit us are a lot more use full then the way they don't.
not only it supply info it also prepare our for the world.
the parrot is somewhat big.
the earth is the only gifted planet which has a life.
all of these facts to one final solution, which is keeping computers in our society.
also many people have an email!
life is too short to sit around all day.
you can shop, talk, taxes, bills, and have a vurtual life on the .
it could be a website that you never heard about and something that can help you in the future.
can it be offencive to people?
the parrot is quick in coping with what others say.
we call people with technology you us computers to go online on google.com that is why we need technology.
there also new things to try like jumping art of a plain or bungy jumpimg.
but this is why people become overweight and obese.
my third reason they shouldn't have people use the computer often is because they would get sick.
without computers a negative affect people.
libraries hold almost every book ever writen and offer them to the public free of charge.
dear local newspaper, i agree with the concerned experts, im sure many others agree also.
furthermore, i have also observed that when my friends talk they use slang terms like """" and """".
he works day and night.
it would to every ones benifit if people would exercise more.
the human populaion will no longer have actual knowledge, only what they have been told.
, computers are great tools and a great piece of modern technology.
i have a little library of my own at home.
or people you can see computers let you find the information you the time has that computers without or keeping people away from family
three, more and more teenage kids have the new technology.
it was july, the schools had reopened.
if your child is to read about sex or an affair in a magazine wouldnt you like to know?
to me thats very unhealthy.
find out what your own oppion is
i say this with the sources, the friends and the advanement.
in many ways computers help with our daily lives and for most of , without them, we would be lost.
if you are looking at this story and thinking that would never happen to me, your wrong.
he provides us with the food we eat.
computers are not meant to be for playing games, or constently instent messaging.
people communicate by email and aim and facebook and everything else.
how about old friends that moved away.
censorship is a topic that it strongly opinionated.
finally, there are many online games that are very useful.
arguing in my family causes friction to the point where we become unsocial and turn to a computer.
have you ever taken a nice walk in the park?
computers aren't helpful, my opinion is that all they is waste time, lose your education and can make you unhealthy.
but that's only by opinion.
people who support advances in technology, believe computers have a positive effect on people.
those days computers have all the websites like , , twitter, and others.
libraries should not remove items from their shelves if someone else finds it offensive to their own beliefs.
whether it be a time of war or a religious restriction, it is always viewed as a negative thing and therefore should be no different today.
that i like.
it teaches you hand eye cordanation plus multi tasking.
i know in my own life i have read books that at first ,the book offended me.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers have a exellent benefit for people.
tennis also increase your heart rate & burn fat cells, to help you lose weight.
builder and modern desiner says he learned about different building designes that are sturdyer and stronge shapse he used this in his building today.
they include things now that show a lot of violence and intimacy; which not be fit for some people.
clearly computers greatly build hand eye coordination.
although the computer is fun and interesting you will have people around you the wisher to spend time with you.
well the internet is here to help.
have you ever heard of facebook, myspace, , or twitter?
you can learn from the computer.
my school library is housed in a big room.
computers are used in many schools to help teach students about new things.
some people, think they have made a good impact while others think the opposite.
computers is a good benefit for people.
i feel this way being lack of social skills, no exercise, and addicting.
some might argue that though.
so many things that they can do, is run, jog, and go for bike rides.
in you get exercise and can expose the scenery.
then about month's later i got a friend request from a who up in , , which is far from where i live, and now lives in.
but, when you are on computers twenty-four-seven you have absolutly no time with your family and friends.
now even though i mentioned all those good things, there are unfortunately bad ones too.
cereals have a great nutritional value.
there are chat; facebook games.
making dinner, riding a bike, driving a car etc.
wants to be overweight and you can change that!
i thank you should be to look at books that are notey.
as you can see, people are spending too much time on the computer than excersing, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends.
told me one day, 'i'm scared by how the times have changed.
in today's society, we still have to deal with censorship issues.
the children learning these new things from the book can cause the children to use everyday and make it popular.
before he became buddha, his name was siddhartha.
we sorta ignore her and go on about our bussiness picking our books for .
first, they teach hand eye codination and i think thats good because when people get a job they can probably more focused and can probably work faster.
it consoled for the days wasn't able to see while still being amazing quick.
in conclusion, you can see how computer usage has affected us as a nation, and in a negative way.
if there ever was a need to really look at something and give another chance this would be the topic right here.
mach people have more coordinion first, they get used to typeing then, they start typeins fast last when they type fast give them more hand-eye coordinion.
they will stop inviting you places.
ohter than those certin people i don't think a reagular person can remove anything from the shelves.
finally the computer is bad your eyes and can cause you to procastonate.
people should give these things a chance because sometimes the non-original things just don't work.
times are tough, money is tight and electronics are expensive.
for example people use computers to get imformation, talk in chat rooms, mainly to talk to friends and fined friends.
beacuse other peolpe would probley like to look at those books also.
the reasons being .
the owner heard me.
for me i only go on the computer for like twenty minutes then log and go back online later on in the day.
if you dont like the novel, then i assist you to return it, and to never read it again.
i'm for computer because you can play games.
they believe the parents should tell their children about everything while they try to make it one big secret for kids.
healthy persons can think properly, act promptly and work peristently.
ho are doing.
you might not want to go to the library to find a book you can just look it up in the computer.
thats what i think you should for now.
such as music there are all kinds of music out there.
there is a type of boundary that restrict readers from gathering knowledge about certain things in books.
my second reason is people spend less time exercising.
i am very much against censorship.
one reason why i think there should be censorship is because of minors that want to see things that not be suitable for them.
i feel that we should all take a stand against computers.
firstly, computers can ruind your life if.
so i just go on the computer and talk to them it's one of the fastest ways and fun ways to.
i can easily check scores or last nights games, listen to music, and play solitaire by myself.
he cuts and shapes stones for many purposes.
the computer takes times away from nature which is unhealthy and dangerous.
also, many thing require a computer.
computer source found of in , and.
with email, you talk with someone for buisness for to recieves links to to websites, and to information.
my second opinion on why using computers are a positive effect on people because.
in some books in the library there is sex talk that accores in it.
in other words is that computer help a lot of people.
dear whom it , have you ever wondered what it be like to spend all your time in front of computers?
that's a personal choice, so you have to choose between or the basketball court.
so these are my reasons for agreeing that certain materialsm such as books, music, movies, and magazines should be removed from the shelves if found offensive.
have fun and learn lots!
life is becoming dull.
it is best that they are in a solitare area for audiences mature enough to handle the influence and/ or consequences that go along with that type of material.
even little things like, if your going to your friends house, then take a jog there instead of your bike.
ever since the first computer they have been improved so much, that now you dont even need a keyboard.
which you just type what you want and click..send it off to your friend.
writers and editors of the newspaper, please agree with me on this topic.
because computers give you the ability to talk to friends, family, and other people it is a positive thing because it is important to do so.
imagine sitting at the computer, completing every assignment and doing every homework there is.
they teach faraway places, help build hand-eye coordination, and let talk online.
computers have a positive effect on people.
that reason is because students can get homework help on educating websites.
so yes parents and other people do have the right to sensor movies and book, etc.
advances in technology improve society and the over all way of life around the globe.
well, that's a big problem here in the .
after an hour’s drive, we reached the zoo.
also people can hack your computer and you cant find out about and every thing that was on your computer can go around the world.
dear local newspaper, you think computers have a positive or negative effect on people?
night i had homework.
every body in this world has their likes and dislikes.
they can help with anything.
do you like to see a rainbow without rain?
cellphones, cars, telephones want!
computers help students with homework and projects and they help communicate with other people.
lastly, computers are great because they teach to have better, of people found their after using the computer for one haour.
if you had a computer everything would be easy but nor.
this is great because there be people you havent seen in awhile because they moved.
it has negatively afect to people.
not everyone thinks people should be able to have their own images and visions; however, that is what makes our world so individualized.
my brother told me not to make any noise.
we need to get rid of this habbit and learn to do different activites!
whats wrong with giving someone far away a call?
on the web there are about gaming sites and sites with funny/weird/cool videos and pictures.
there are lots of bullies people who want to sell you stuff, and people who want your personal info.
a poll was taken and out of kids, of them said they felt groggy and had headaches, after using a computer for two hours.
but, if you are on the ' hours a you not realize the nature and .
computers help use learn what other people are saying in other countries around the world.
people sit in their houses and just stare at the bright screen.
if a four-year-old picked up a case, saw a pretty much naked grown adult on the case doesn't put a good thought in their head.
you could go on the internet to get whatever information you need, yeah, but, what if the internet doen't have what you're looking for?
computers are the greatest tool mankind has.
one because of freedom of speech.
online there are many you can play, like 's ( online @caps15 ) i play many of these, including such as .
elephants are the largest land animals on the earth.
this saves the lives of many people.
if a teen helps with a then they can ask a for help.
dear , more and more people use commputers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society and i am one of theose people, that does not agree.
finally, my last reason for why offensive material should not be removed is because who is to say whether or not something is offensive?
if books are banned from libraries, it almost seems as if they're limiting our education.
own experience with offensive books would be, there are books that are made by .
what did you think about that?
also the cool thing about a computer is that there are websites that let you talk to your friends that live near you.
many business rely on the work of computers entirely.
fairs and festivals are held in every town and village of india.
i think that everyone has heard a variation of that line at least once.
dear, local newpaper it's true technology is blinding everyone.
such as exercising, enjoying the beauty of nature, and most importantly interacting with family and friends.
many students straight away rush to the playground.
second, computers benefit society becuase they the world smaller through communicates.
first of all, i think that computers are good for people because they help keep friends connected.
they are just not old enough or mature to be seeing or reading those things in books or magazines.
, it is a way to connect with faraway friends.
my first reason to this situation is people will spend less time exercising which can lead to drowsiness or laziness if you stop exercising.
some factories release waste material into waterways.
my second reason that i believe computers are good to have around is.
young kids are already doing things that they shouldn't be doing, like hanging out in the street, hang with older kids.
computers can help you study, take notes, and helps do your homework.
because of that, computers help us learn, keep in contact with people, and are our future.
he is a good sportsman.
it benefits society for certain reasons it depends.
this could be a huge problem in the future.
without computers we could not be where we are today.
that's why so many kids to adults use it the computers so much.
i know from experience facebook or myspace can be very addicting.
the internet allows you to learn about any subject you'd like.
i believe most things such as books, music, magazines, etc.
without a doubt, i would love to take a vacation, but if it's going to cost a fortune i might have to re-consider this amazing trip.
this is not what i want to happen though.
i hope my three reason can persuade the local news paper to agree with my position that computer have a positive effect on people.
what if a person gets offended at an advertizement.
this document has amendments.
the computer can also effect you mentally and socially.
i am writing in which computers are a bad thing to the society or good thing.
it only means that the people who don't like that type of movie don't have to watch them.
computers cost a lot of many but it is worth it.
one of the much enjoyed pieces of technology.
that means that project should be real easy.
he learned a lot and we were all proud.
here is a good senario; there is a childrens book.
businessmen and women can have meetings on the computer with programs such as .
during the rainy season, raincoats and umbrellas are constant companions.
there is a student in my school that failed most of his classes.
censorship was created to protect people from things that they feel to be wrong.
kids and grown ups are the same and nobody needs to see a movie if it is really bad.
at times it is contributory and times the entire expenditure is borne by him.
i agree that this benefits society.
which i know your parents would like.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers are an extremely useful tool in society.
now the home has long list of regular patrons.
they also provide learning experiences with many resources at your finger tips.
there are kids sections, sections, and even a teenage section.
friend wasn't the only person who learn hand-eye coordination.
it lots people communicate, helps in educational decisions, and you can learn many subjects such as math, science, and language.
also if you are going to be on the computer at least they to find a job on the computer.
but 't stop now, i have many more reasons for using computors.
as for viruses, don't go on websites that cause viruses.
i will write paragrahs explaining my reasons.
as a has gone from (, ) , , @caps17 and ) having a for obesity to with a !
my segond reason why you should keeps computer is talking to family.
he is welcome everywhere because he brings letters from friends and relatives.
this is only one of the many reasons i think computers will benifit our soceity.
it will even help you, if you have a job and don't no what time to goin for waste.
secondly, i have seen many magazines, read many books, and watched many movies that i probably shouldn't have.
computers to sell something communicate with someone or just look up a new topic.
finally, the computer makes you more social.
also computers can save you time and money now.
i can't tell you how many times i have used the computer to research.
a couple devastating, weeks later, the girl's reamin in were found, burned, as the last deadly act the predator performed on the teen.
they enjoy the clown’s antics and his remarks about the other actors.
the first girl answered, ' sends the wrong message.'
we have telephones.
you can also find the nearest hospital.
the media does not look at you as a whole, just as a population of people.
technology these days is empressive.
if we do something without thinking about its outcomes, it can harm us.
even from to , with simply the press of """", people across the world can be of the accident.
i think no one has the right to pull that item off the shelf because of there own opinion of it.
people build their character through their reactions of how people treat them.
i am against the removal of offensive entertainment because it is not fair to everyone else that is a member of the library.
the future of american is all obese lazy who only want to sit down in front of a screen all day.
somtimes you might just need to blow off some steam.
we would be nowhere.
this is very useful for me.
how could a student be so certain their grammar is perfect on their homework without asking a teacher?
many children can go an entire day without sitting down & talking to their parents.
face it, forcing an atheist to read an emotionally comprehensive novel of the faith will not be stood for by the reader.
i support the advances of technology.
finally other people that don't agrees they should try it.
also you can talk with friends and family on computers.
so that is any story , it might seen long so, i'm shorting the next part which is the information on computer.
my pet is a cat.
they use them to keep records, record vital signs and asist with surgery.
finally, i just want to say that if you have a problem, keep it to yourself.
if we didn't go on the internet a lot we wouldn't know how to go onto websites that help us with locations and coordinates like .
i understand that libraries are a place for all people of all ages, but i do not believe that they should censor what they put on their shelves.
dr. or ""the studies of the human mind"" says ""i found out technology and online gaming increases anger in most people.""
also if your to busy to go to collage or want to take another class there are even schools online.
first when on the computer people have less time to exercise.
i have not found a movie or book in any library yet that i have found offensive.
music is used for many different ways.
if you work with computers for a job, it is helpful to be well known wit the keyboard for fast results.
everyone looks fresh and is full of energy.
lastly, your teenager probably do their homework.
without a doubl the fun and helpful computers such as games help us out.
or they could play educational games.
so in conclusion, if you don't control yourself on the computer it can have bad affects.
being able to talk to friends i haven't spoken to in a white, gives me and others the opportunity to catch up and reconnect.
hand-eye coordination is a very important skill to have.
do you know that a very high cause of obesity is?
first being on a computer using the mouse is helping your hand-eye coordination.
what would they do if that movie got taken off the shelf?
that is why computers have a negative affect on people when their face is glued to a computer.
computers truly are amazing, but the loss of excersise is very unhealthy and rapidly happening.
for example, you have a homework assignment, you don't have to use a book to get information, you can just use your computer.
this way you can see your family from miles away in the comfort of your own home.
you not only read at home but at school as well.
i hope this essay has really made you think about how you want to live.
complex simple to use technological a world of pictures simple, art and history right at your fingertips.
computers are keeping people from spending time together.
the technology the computer gives us helps us alot in life.
some people feel they have a positive effect, such as learning new information, and interacting or chatting with other people.
we use milk in our everyday cooking.
there will always be offensive songs, books, movies, and magazines.
stop being about yourselves and get over it.
this can be causes by lack of exercise and inactivity.
thus, for most of his life he wondered the world with no hint or clue as where to in search of a rare artifact called the diamon.
people are getting tramensly over weight.
most of those people would, and get angry when their work is edited.
libraries offer a variety of materials and this allows people to choose what they want based on their interests.
on the way teen stuff like computers help people for on video chatting, emailing people their rezemates to jobs on why and how their based.
my close friend told me recently that she is sometimes sitting at home, and doing her homework, and she needs to look up something.
to we them because of that addicting computer.
they help you learn have fun and communicate with people faraway.
my there reasons are to look up information, home work, and to talk to friends and family online.
""hand eye coordination helps improve balance and athleticisniry.""
a mother of the .
i hope you have found my interduction good and reading on.
not all magazine have something that can be use to educate.
i have learned over the years of using them, that they aren't as helpful as the seem.
making purchases is fun though.
you can even learn new recipes.
learning from i hope you can learn how entertaning computers are.
another reson is theirs many things to do on these computers or even the world wide web.
that can get you identity stolen.
some people in this world would just take the matter too far and get offended by everything.
this could help them in the future if you need to type up an assignment for school, a job application, or college application.
this is how kids are helped out by computers.
in conclusion, computer can help you save money and help you learn.
from my personal experiences, i tend to ignore friends and family.
technology has advanced so far that it might be better to stay home and on the computer than taking a walk in the park.
bright blue skies, cotton candy cloulds, the sun is shining, and there's a nice warm breece.
the computer is good for connecting to people around the world.
no at the level and yes at the level.
the can hurt people, cause addiction, and seclude your life.
it gave us the directions and the estimated amount of time it would take to get there.
so being over weight is bad and sitting and playing on the computer will make worse.
created this computer system in order to allow people to connect all over the world by giving them the opportunity to see and speak to anyone they chosse to.
after some time a team of traffic police came.
part of the reason is because they rather use their free time on the computer instead of picking up a book.
have you ever been in the situation were you want to go visit your family member out of state but you just dont have the money?
second, you can talk to old friends and keep in touch with new ones.
do you just leave it there, or take it away so no one can read it?
i say this because of the time things have been rated or in someway approved to be put on general store shelfs.
dear , experts are concerned about the use of computers.
but, if it's not finished, you can save it on a thumbdrive, and use it on any computer you want.
it let's you stay alert on what's happening today in the world.
a holiday is free time and it should be spent in this spirit only.
many students go on for hours at a time and in my own experience i have been addicted to the comp.
or maybe even their parent or guardian isn't monitering them to make sure they are safe online.
i believe the current way materials are censored and removed works, and should continue.
we get up to the front and i turn in the bad magazine that had found.
when you think about chatting to people do you think communicating in person or communicating by aim?
well to begin my persuasive .
it was the first time that i had visited such a nice place.
have you ever wanted to know what the capital of is, or what the weather is in ?
secondly, computers are a big part of many peoples lives because many jobs involve computers; as well as school.
when i was looking, i saw a guy yelling at one of the librarians.
i mostly draw pictures of people, animals, and birds.
i am years old and i go to a in called .
if you dont like what you see in a store then you shouldn't walk in or you should simply ignore the stuff that is offensive to you.
of students are cyber bullies.
two days later they died because they had some disease and no one knew until it was to late.
also now they have online classes and you can learn their language before you go.
i remember , i didn't see one of my friends at all; we just each other daily.
the world is a better place when we can have a true connection to other cultures, and what better way than to talk to them.
also they can read anything they want too, because they can buy the book and read it and hid it.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
the computer has put a positive affect on numerous people and their everyday need.
the ticket came up to .
it's not uncommon for one to make such a goal.
if these authors, or artists, wanted their work to be different, they would've made so.
isn't that what makes the world go around?
most people rather stay on the computer than spend time working out.
people are able to send files, ship & even order online.
the next idea is that they do not get enought exersise, because they isn't sit there all day and don't move.
aren't these all things benefit us?
my hobby is drawing.
and look up place see.
then what will we do?
but computers can teach you so much more than just different countries.
not everyone is going to like what you like and listen and believe everything you do.
so what if there are other people who would have actually wanted to read those books?
my opinion is when you have to for a test, quiz or anything if can become boring.
if someone finds one aspect of a work offensive, that does not qualify for the work to be banned or discarded.
it is exhilarating to watch pouring rain and to run about in it.
some of the offensive material could be used to help students in there education.
not in libraries.
speeding up communication with computers clearly has benefits no one wants to miss out on.
they wont enjoy their life outside of their houses.
students, parents and everyone in between will find troubles later on because of this.
this is my say on this topic.
another huge reason why we need computers today is to be able to reaserch foreign places and learn facts that without a computer you would never even heard of.
i know this from personal experience.
the reasons that they give the ability to learn about faw away places, allow people to talk to other people online.
i mean at the same time its noones job to say what is right and what is wrong.
it all comes down to who reads the book or magazine, and who listens to the music.
procrasination is very easy to give into.
which for children, education is largely what their childhood is for.
to add insult to injury they often befooled me and made me a target of their jokes.
instead, moved from one area to a different area.
the technology of computers to learn about the far away places.
another reason i think more people should use computers is that you can talk with friends over the internet.
instead of having problems, lack of sun, and just boring computer talk, people should got up and go.
when we go to visit our friends and relatives, we collect different plants from their garden also.
i can remember my friend telling me that she always types her essays because its for her teacher and from typing.
you have probably read this and thought to yourself.
these 'life-changing' books all have things in them that would interest anyone who picks them up.
one reason why a lot of people in are obese is because they aren't getting enough exercise.
please listen to my reason why the computer effect people lives!
one main thing that people of modern day technology usually do is talk to faraway friends and family on spare time.
colour has been an inseparable part of man’s existence from times immemorial.
many people find certain things in libraries to be offensive and would rather them not be on the shevles.
computers are keys to inavation & creation.
i know from experienc, that i can barley look at a map and find where i am.
he is an obedient boy.
most people don't know things like how many soldiers were on or how many countries there are in the world.
why not put a rateing on the back of books and magazines?
typing is also another advantage.
dear local newspaper, name is .
some people prefer to write than type but other people prefer to type than write.
when you censor 'bad things' it creates naive thinkers, which only leads to discrimination.
having your house to tell, individually, your friend about your time to disney world is such a hastle.
people could say taht they are a year old.
i personally feel that censorship is necessary to a certain extent.
once you start talking with one of your friends, it's pretty hard to stop.
dear , in opinion, computers are fantastic!
definitely, read on to see what computers can too.
my resson for supporting this that computer are good or bad are that computers have a positive effect on people.
this meant was that you had to be in shape.
even if the are across the country, you can still chat with them, for free!
when you think of .
we swapped numbers and addresses.
people go to liraries to learn hard facts with proff and evadience and depending on the subject in witch their looking up.
he prepares fodder for the animals.
dear newspaper, i personally believe that new technology is a great thing.
if we have almost to no children or adults running around outside, our world is not flowing too well.
staying in touch with family and friends, having a good education, and finding answers within a click is the easiest way to go!
in my opinion, i think that people should not spend so much time on the computer for several reasons.
facbook, , and twitter users can chat with people accross the street, accross the country and even accross the ocean!
i think that computers are very helpful.
some experts say this is a bad thing and that we should spend more time outdoors.
of course not.
it helps you to not look down.
also i could see what the news are, and i could contact teachers through the computer.
don't you agree?
well i know i .
although some experts say that computers do us no good, computers benefit our society very much.
we find right books for us by following our heart and our instinkes
make your nearest library have age limits on what the little young ones can read.
, an eighth grader at , , ""i can't only talking through computers, never being civilized with other human beings!
children rush to their classes and then the school becomes quiet again.
@caps2 is also a major problem with computers.
although many find these books helpful and interesting, some find these books to be quite offensive.ome races have undergone painful events in history.
lastly, allows socializing.
of corse some people might disagree but at the same those people who disagree are big time athleats who do both.
you could send an email and save the paper.
did you know, more seizure are induced by compexors than epileptics?
that all hear i'm moving on.
computers have a big role in our society, and i know you'll have the right decision on whether or not computers are used to much.
you can also e-mail important files, such as pictures, docucuments, and even videos.
when you need to confirm a meeting place or ask your classmate what problems were assigned homework, what could be a fast mean of communication?
illegal uses are involved and can draw in anyone with just s single click of a mouse.
my final reason for computers is that they are perfect to learn about disasters in other countries.
this could help people also because do not have enough many to pay to go to classes.
although, computers can help people in so many ways, they can also make things worse for people.
i understand that reading books with adult material such as drug abuse and sexuality can lead to experimentation but is that not life?
also computers can improve learning by assiting with research projects example a couple of weeks ago my health class was information car our illegal drug project.
personally, i think that censorship can just be more unconvienient for some.
computers definitly have a positive effect on people.
the computer can also be very dangerous.
like trees, they take in ) and release oxygen.
if it werent for computers we would have been in a sick situation.
but i have to leave my bed.
computers are terrible and horrified when it comes to friends.
censorship in libraries i think that things found in the library that people find offensive shouldn't be removed.
you can learn about how it's made and the vireses it can have.
not only can obesity constrict vital organs but it can lead to blood disorders.
they will be happier, trust me.
then that's where goes bad.
a lot of people these days are using.
or i can play the new counter strke game i got !
anything speelled wrong is underlined in red so you only rarely have a spelling mistake.
libraries could even consider censoring some of their books.
if you want your children to be successful then you will keep your kids away from the volience and drugs.
we all sang songs of joy.
they are hand-eye coordination, learning techniques and saving everyday people time.
someone is not used intracting with people, they not make a good buisness man or woman.
when using a computer for a school project can be a hassel.
many kids even myself would rather be online than read a book or do homework.
the next day we went on a city tour.
are the words .
another thing the computer can teach you is about animals.
the internet has a lot of web sites about how to get your online.
some very adults have and various other things that i cannot the life of me think of thing computer get them together and they are happy.
that's my opinion what's yours
i beileve that computers are good and helpful.
if they didn't know the answer than she couldn't know the answer.
it looked as if he was drowned in a sea of books.
there are tons of extra practice, and practice quizes in the online textbook that are perfect for studying.
but don't get addicted because computers be fun but portions are helthy and thats what should be done.
do you think that you should be able to take certian materials off a shelf of a library, because someone finds it offensive?
he is a useful servant.
if a person doesn't like a book, the simplest thing to do is not to pick it up.
in the local newspaper, they had a chart that showed how many people ruined their eyesight over the years from computers.
you should spend less time on the computer if you don't want artrightus.
offensive materials should not be removed from shelves.
though the materials found in a story be horrific to a parent, it be a preferred form of literature for a different group of people.
the internet isn't worth it.
just like if you go to a mvie store they have the movies rated.
using a computer all day will not let you meet new people, and see new places.
in conclusion, you can see that i have clearly stated the benefits of computers.
they help you learn more, they are like and when you bored you can go on the internet.
exercise is highly stressed by doctors around the globe and the only exercise a computer addict will be doing is typing up a storm.
elephants are very strong and powerful.
computers practically run todays armed forces.
without these instant messages and emails, we would more than likely talk to them once, maybe twice a year!
all of these amazing accomplishments have been positivly effected by computers.
if you have some spare time you should hang out with them and have some fun, go to the mall!
i love taking hikes with my family up a .
they don't go out and get exercise or interact with their family and friends.
the second son is of my age and studies in a public school.
i mean people could go up there and check them out but that is the adult library area.
what you have relatives or friends in a different country?
i have and i think that it is a wonderful resource.
these are just my oppinons, some people agree with me and others disagree, but i am going to stick with my oppinons
will help us in the future, we will get good grades on project because of are sources.
if they librarian doesn't want a certain type of book in her library then she shouldn't have that job or she shouldn't have books at all.
in , i think my reason are very well clear; school work, business, and over all reasearch.
i think the best part of any computer is your freeness while on one.
i myself like about eveything out there.
i go on the computer and go on yellow pages.com and just look up the restraunt/place on the website.
in a recent study of people said they don't have time to meet with old friends.
when a girl wants to play with her big sister the big sister will just shut out the little sister and continue emailing her friends on the computer.
not everyone is reading a book about rainbows, and unicorns.
like using an online text book instead of carrying your huge textbooks home.
see instead of having to go at shoppingfor food you could just order it online with no trouble.
people can learn more and more information and personally advance in intelligence.
me in example, next year i'm going to have to read that book and i am just not going to like it.
dear , in the the world has changed so much, for the better.
it clearly helps the workplace get attention.
also somebody like the scary mystery books and movies, but others not.
i hope you take into consideration not removing these types of things from libraries and anywhere else
i know that out of people love to travel, but you need plane tickets.
now as you can you see computers really can change your life.
famous explorer smome says ""before i go anywhere i always google it on my computer to learn about life, climent, etc, on the .
instead of censoring the books, we should censor the people reading the books.
books console us in our sorrows.
i hope by now you feel the same
children, teens and even adults get extremly addicted to computers.
don't you want some time them too?
going outside can help you, run through the woods, or even jump roping is outside and excersizing.
school libraries are a whole different idea.
instead of going on the computer all day, we should be going outside to enjoy fresh air and the sun.
you just didnt know.
with videochat, chatrooms, facebook and , you are bound to make a friend who would last a lifetime.
studies show that of don't have cars.
a prime example of this is the state funding schools which is a big issue we shouldn't just removed the school because someone doesn't like it.
all of these materials can entertain adults, and teenagers because of the anappropiate sayings.
and he looks at them.
i will understand if they don't want to get off when it passes there bed time.
comes, adn the student has as much information he/she was able to get out of the two books, and hands to the teacher.
i mean, they do use the in every library i've been in.
, you be able to look up ways to stop global warming, but does it mean you are going to really do it?
people have different opinions about life and that's what makes every indiviual different from one another.
some middle school through college & the rest of you life need to use computers.
kids love to go to the library to get books and just hang out with friends.
second reason why computers are great is because if you have to print something or make a project a computer help.
if you want to find out anything, you can find it on the internet.
next, theres no need to spend money and go buy a book to look up research just research online for free.
one subject that be awkward to read about is sexually transmitted diseases.
uploading family pictures from your last vacation?
there is alot of different kinds of material in libraries.
i think after reading this you can see computers arent good.
how can you say that one thing is offensive to one person and is also offensive to another person?.
the have different website that play video of things that are funny.
to concern: i have been informed that you had the idea that more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits the society.
it allows people to develop hand-eye coordination, allow people to learn about faraway people and cultures, and communicate online through e-mail or instant messaging.
movies, books, magazines and music can be offensive.
it seems that because the growing technology, every generation gets lazier and lazier, and less and less into books and it's time for that to stop.
the books are arranged in almirahs.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers have a good effect on people.
the final and most basic way that computers help for organization are document folders.
the final reason is that computers teach hand-eye coordination.
people can play chess, solatire, and a great deal other games like that.
in this case i strongly disagree with the critics and for my side of good uses.
please do not remove anything from the selves, because it will only do more damage
adults and kids are getting less excersize.
to be censored should be no one choise but your own.
but now they want movies or music.
no parent wants to see their kid over weight for many reasons.
how exactly does the make computers have a creative on society?
videochat is a way to see and hear your friends by a little camera.
in almost every form of art there is some remark to something negative.
books, music, movies, magazines, and more are a good way to learn.
in conclusion, is good for are society to have computers in are lives.
i feel that books should stay on the shelf however.
i wouldn't be surprised if they add a computer wing to rehab centers sometime in the near future.
we cook on gas stoves.
children snhould be reading a book that haves good information in there and information the children should be learning while they are in class.
so inconclusive, i strongly believe that with this in you lives we've actually get dumber.
however, everyday we went on ""chat"" ""for a good hours"", to talk to his friends.
teenagers learn to balance their computer time, they also learn how to balance, extra-curricular activities in school.
he was an italian inventor.
all of the books vary on different age groups.
they also are a great way to yourself.
those , are over weight or obese.
this is not the case.
orange is also another palatable fruit.
the sign should say what content it has so the people can stay away from the room.
have you ever felt sick, and you didn' want to leave your house?
we should not throw wastes everywhere.
then, talking about 'offensive' topics would be non-existent so kids would not be embarassed if they had questions.
in conclusion i think that should deal with it because they cant control it
why should they take them off the shelves?
actually i know they don't because they are day.
almost everyone is effected by computers in some sort of way.
but a major advantage is that people spent so much time on the computer, that they don't get any exercise.
you're never going to please everyone.
yes people do stay on four hours at a time but most people only go on for a small amount.
my last opinion is that computers are used for working online.
if we did not have search engines, life would be a lot harder.
although not everything is appropreate for everyone, it isn't right to censor something from the world.
my final reason why computers are good, is that they serve instant pleasure.
they are extreamly expensive and there is no need for them.
a large number of people came to see the fair.
libraries are places that we refer to when we need to find historical moments, or about animals or anything else.
my second reason is that the people this me in the computer they still interact with their family.
most of the kids in my grade including me have a facebook.
however, this does not give authors the power to target a group in their writing and offend them specifically.
therefore, they're people who are just plain addicted to the computer, such as .
i mean come on sixth graders shouldnt even be able know what weed is!
i believe in both in a way.
we, as the people, must be free to say what we want in our stories and songs, along with movies and other media.
they re in the paddy field even before the down.
also i do not care about any noises that go on in the library.
if people began to take away options on reading materials some kids refuse to read at all.
there computers can help them teach a class in a way that is both fun and easy to undersand.
we are the and parents.
i feel this way because of when you see stuff that is offensive, most people are willing to buy.
i myself am a musician, which is no more artistic in a sense than any other creator, such as an author.
the hinder us from excersising, interacting with nature, and spending time with family and friends.
movies can be offensive because of the language, violence, the way people are treated.
computers give you a chance to get your bills paid and do some shopping for a cheaper price.
i think that more citizens should own computers because they can expand your knowledge.
just some stuff that i would change but really what i think doesnt matter.
censorship is just a fancy term for blatant disregard of the , as freedom of speech is guaranteed for all citizens.
, as the famous saying, your friends jumped off a bridge, would you?, flashes through your mind let me answer that for you - .
she's sweet, caring, loves kids, and has a kind heart.
so i think we should take them books off the shelf, if people want to read them they can go buy themselves a copy.
as a kid, i'm usually never home because of sports and school activites.
well thats my theory i hope all of you listen to my advice up shut the computer of and .
it inundates large area under cultivation, wrecks public services and makes life miserable.
you can do just about anything with computors now from talking to people, to learning about faraway places.
along with movies,and etc.
books, movies, music and etc.
instead of going to the library and reading through all these books to learn something, you can just go online!
so please read this carefully and i hope what i have said has helped you realize why people sensor these things.
it's not accomplishing anything.
people whant to stay healthy then they should get some exersise daily insted of sitting in front of a computer all day.
the morning walk invigorates body system.
first, it helps you learn your social skills.
should there be censorship in libraries?
that way kids aren't reading things that are meant for adults.
we need to be healthy about our computer usage.
no form of life exists on it, due to unfavorable conditions.
he also proven that since people have started schools the success in school grades has gone way up.
there are other neighbors too.
computers usually make things worse.
think about it, the music, movie, or book your hiding from them could be the answer to a lot of things.
i believe that certain books, movies, or music that are offensive to people should not be aloud on shelves.
music is a whole other thing depending on what kind of music you are lissening to like theres , & , , , , , and exedra.
eighty seven percent the internet.
when i think of facebook or oovoo, or even myspace it makes me think of inapropriate pictures kids, and adults post.
through the computer, , , and emails are easy and guarenteed ways to talk to everybody.
peoples computers have been infected and information has been stolen leaving people helpless.
it's much more enjoyable, in my opinion if you play the game for real and not virtually.
first, we need them to communicate to other people.
dear newspaper editor: are all living in the age of technology.
if someone were to find a book or a offensive, they don't have to look at it or even pick it up.
dier: newspaper i thingk the computers are beneficial and consequencial.
then their would nothing left for people to read.
our families need help occasionally, but sometime we're not available.
my mother's generation was based on ' and mine is of , &, .
to begin with let's go back to that example in the paragraph above.
goy youto expand learning by using computers!""
this helps because first it makes their, it also can be changed quicker and easier.
in addition to schoolwork, computers are a great place to look when you need information.
people miss out on enjoying nature or interacting with friends and family.
dear local newspaper, people spending time on the is a good way for people to connect with one each other.
statistics show that of familys dont talk because they are to preocupied with computar games.
first, a light drizzle started and soon, it turned into a heavy shower.
communication is pretty easy on a computer.
is now a size fourteen in waist.
finally going out doing sports and starting fit is very important.
for her to get any images out of her head that i felt she shound't have.
one day when i was younger just starting to read i came across a book.
thank you for your time.
when your are outside you see that playing is much better than just pressing buttons and clicking everywhere.
dear editor: more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that that benefits society.
in conclusion, it is safe to say, that computers do not benefit society today.
you get to learn about famous people you do not know about so all you have to do is go on the computer and look up your celebrity.
that should prove that computers are very help full.
well like ive been saying this whole time, in live there are going to be certain things that are offensive to you.
i like, computers but i am going to say i am against them.
i think those types of books should be stored in the part of the library were a child shouldn't have access to.
to find out these answers, all you have to do is look them up on the computer!
is used by teens and adults like, and for one reason only, to socialize with friends via computer.
my mother syas when she was younger the computer gave her the ability to learn about far away places.
even though there are books not written for all ages they are still deserving of a reader.
not many succeed with this goal, which brings up another negative effect to the body.
in conclusion, computers do not benefit society.
that is no excuse.
i honestly think all they all should be put in different sections of the library by age.
a journey boat is always very pleasant.
last of all, computer hand - eye coordination that is vital to every day life.
they have to go jump to come another day.
and that you have homework?
it's either not exercing, getting false information, or not spending time with your own family!
paper companies would take a major nose-dive in the market, having almost no clientel.
new , computers is a benefit to society.
i went by bus.
first off, computers give us the ability to talk with people all over the world.
finaly, computers can help students learn.
books all have those things to someone some where.
we could not toss those books out anyways because without those history books at school we couldn't learn about our history.
the only way we can do that is by swiching to computers.
just something simple a computer improved friends hand-eye coordination a termendous amount.
get out in the world and don't let things like that get to you.
eventually saly became obese and got diabetes.
for instance, libraries should not have dirty magazines or movies on their shelves.
our world can't set aside time for such.
wouldn't you want to see them at least once?
also, the same with magazines and music.
have you ever been running late to a party and realize you do not have the direction's to the person's house?
if they tri this program.
some things on the computer are very fun.
hand eye coordination gets better because when your typing your moving your fingers and your geting the feeling when you use it and your geting faster at typing.
i do not think that books should be taken off shelves just because it's offensive or because others don't like it.
no one would want to read them because they would already know what they would hav eto say.
say ""bye"" to expensive phre rides, long phone bills, or years going by seeing a loved one.
for young children it is the fairytale land where anything is possible and the unimaginable can become true.
some people were throwing dust and sand on the fire.
instances like this happy everyday int he local library.
this is easy for most people who have busy lives.
this is not safe in any way.
how people could possibly say that computers have a negative influence on society, i dont know.
so if you ever consider getting a computer the answer is yes because computers help kids learn, you can communicate with others, and you learn responsibility.
not everyone can do these things, but everyone who has a computer can.
even though you're on the computer, you can still do this, you don't always have to call them.
although it is very east to quickly communicat through the internet, it can sometimes do more harm than good.
this includes pictures, blogs, comments and.
say you just got home from school, and your teacher had assigned you to write a two page paper on the .
did you know about of the go on educational websites for information for writing, whether it's an essay or non-fiction story?
i think that have never really had a choice in matters that affects them directly, and i think we should.
no parent wants their child coming home from school talking about sex, and drugs they saw in a book at school.
that be true, but also remember what its doing for society.
this is a big part of teenager life.
the items that do contain graphic content, cursing, etc.
being on the computer for to long takes away time you could use to exersize or get some fresh air.
it is proven that people too to fifteen years old spend an average of - hours of their free time on a computer.
the first reason being if you found something offensive it not be to someone else.
others like teenager will do gaming or have instant messengers, which sometimes takes away from outside activities.
the weather becomes pleasant and cool on a rainy day.
they can comment and every member of the family can see how everyone looks/changes throughout the year.
if your looking to make children more innocent, then taking all ofour books out of the library is not the way to go about it
you get offended but there is no reason to remove that book that others will need at sometime.find another way to solve that problem.
also wouldn't have seen her nephew take his first steps.
did you know that out of americans have trouble reading.
all you need is a webcam and you can instantly connect with one of your friends that have one too.
i've even read some books that are not the best, but i choose to read them.
statistics state that grownups that use the computer at night feel more awake in the .
not only that but you should notice the great potential the computer has for showing us distant, faraway lands and cultures.
the speed that they are able to recieve new information in is just astonishing!
after a long day of signing papers and fiddling with a budget, wouldn't it be nice to just sit down and play some solitare?
at the same, these mane protests it from the teeth or claws of an enemy.
for one, information and knowledge are at your fingertips.
i believe it is the resposiblity of the parent to determine such restrictions.
post is a very slow and costly service, while the internet is cheaper and quicker!
and try to find where you like and come.
but the question is, will you?
over the you could be cyber bullyed by kids you or not know.
so, should we take them off the shelves?
can you picture person in your town blind and having glasses or even going to the ?
i will now get into more detail on these three topics.
censoring at the library can only keep kids away from the books for so long.
computers are one of the best soarces of entertainment, they definetly benefit society.
it gives people a chanve to see the people you couldnt see from afar.
although those are useful becoming sites and tools, these tool arent used often.
all my apprehensions came to fore.
i belive computers can only benifit a society.
final reason is that computers help out with sports.
also all the negative things that can happen like spending less time with family members, getting addicted, and being unhealthy.
i often use these to find pictures for a school project, webpages for research, translators to check my spanish homework and videos to show my friends!
..... it's luxury of having a family.
computer online courses can even taken, where a student can be taugh through the internet, rather than in person.
milk is used for making tea and coffee.
peolpe should be alound to read what ever they went or linst to or watch what ever movie they went.
just use your computer keyboard to type and send a message.
i, however, do not believe that these things should be removed.
is like having a conversation with a person who's right next to you!
spend time with them and watch movies or any sports channels.
some say that some technology like computers are bad, i think that computers are good because they give you the ability to learn about for away places.
a great example of this is the series.
well, if you sit at the computer all day every day, you will become like that.
dear , this ever happend to you?
hopefully people understand this message and you shouldn't play on computers for too long.
but we always want to know about their welfare.
therefore, it shows that computers aren't just for bringing new people together, old ones, too.
dont you love having the oppritunity to research anything from any part of the world that you want to learn about?
some people might like rap music but other might like rock music.
"", and he answered, ""they only took me because i have good hand-eye coordination.""
depending on where you are, the restrictions be more or less harsh.
but if it offended someone, should he be allowed to remove it?
i boarded a slightly overcrowded bus.
you can also have fun online if your bored at home and have nothing to do.
that are found offensive to people.
i had my mathematics examination the next day.
i myself enjoy a wide choice of materials from libraries.
dear local newspaper, i assume you've heard about the ongoing debate about computers.
my final reason is also very helpful.
dr. said, ""in recent surveys and tests, i have noticed a major increase with hand-eye coordination of all thanks to computers.
if someone reads them as offensive, they might just be taking it the wrong way.
well you can use the computer to learn about the place or the person.
first off, i like to think of banning books or anything else from the author or writers view.
like cigarretes at a store, somethings should be behind the counter where the material can have a watchfull eye over it.
it could most likely cost you or even family members your lives.
computers create a relaxing entertainment opportunity.
how much could ?
xbox live lets you play video games with other people or even your friends.
i believe that computers are a great invention.
the internet offers virtual tours of places like the of even places can be explored without stepping foot out of your house.
that article also states that since , child obesity has increased by !
well, it'd be alot.
while your sitting in the chair your not excercising, you keep your gaining weight.
now you don't have to borrow your mom's car to go to the interview.
computer are helping family chat with family and friends chat with freinds.
inspiring stories reach from one person to another in books, music, and movies; i believe things like that help shape us into who we are today.
skype and other video chats are amazing.
on a computer its imposible to enjoy nature because all the computer is is a time consuming brain washing thing to do.
by using the computer for more than one hour a day your typing becomes quicker and your reactions increase.
i am positive that when you are done reading this you will be, one hundred percent pursuaded that the effects computers have on people are bad.
it's no different.
for example, lets say you went on the computer for an hour, that hour could have been used to go outside and stay fit!
it would be really good for you to go on a walk in a nice day to feel the breeze and smell all the nice scents.
they will do this all because they want to be just like there parents or gardian.
but in five minutes on the web you could have an exersize routine planned out, with modern techniques and styles.
so being able to talk to friends online is one example why i for computers.
is beautiful when you hear the birds singing or seeing the plants outside.
we have even reached the moon and left our !
it is not possible to an article or essay with information because it will always be in the same place.
that you need to do something.
because of the computer, hard task can be done with a simple click of the mouse.
if you go against someone's beliefs that they hold so dear like that, they would of course be offensive to them.
you never have that issue with computers.
so, what i'm trying to say is that you have to see around you and go on with it computer also saves your time.
did i convinced you yet?
these of into an life because you do enjoying at all.
i do that all the time and i like it.
a third reason is that it can teach you hand-eye coordination and gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
the technology of computers has brought education to new.
computers are one of the biggest advances we have in technology.
like wise to the physical treatment, computers an relief.
thats what i feel about computer.
and your more likly to get into fights with your parents or guardians because your on the computer and they never see you or hear from you.
you're changing too, so you be off to college or have to move far away for buissness.
you can do many things on the internet.
many parents believe that certain material should be banned because it exposes their child to bad morals.
when people need help they read a book or look it up.
in my opinion computers are very helpful to cummnicate with family.
you just gota tell your kids what they can watch an cant.
everyone thinks and functions differently so therefore something offensive to one person might be completely fair and good in anothers point of view.
computer you have to program it according to your requirements.
you could interpret it in different ways.
lastly, computers help the communicate with one another.
they have two large white teeth known as tusks which they use for their protection.
by removing the computer, you eliminate the threats online predators pose for your child and you as well.
the family happiness.
i know this is verry helpful because my brother is writing his collige essays and their are no colliges that will be impressed by a gramaticly incorrect essay.
dear, i think the use of computers are good, here are some reasons why?
if people spent less time on computers they would exersice more, be outdoors more and spend more time with their family and freind.
also will improve hand eye corodination.
you will become less active.
technology has become so advanced, there are new cures for for different diseases.
without computers we would not be able to or evan video message other countries about important events.
communication is key when it comes to buisnesses and relationships.
the eldest son is a spoilt child.
go outside and watch them instead of looking at the computer screen.
every student do the same.
i tell you that computers are meant to have fun but not meant to drugs over the enternet but anyway
the world begins to inovate itself communication is key.
but, some times it is used in the wrong way, .
so i somputers because are not become unhealthy.
some people think that this inhaces our socity and benefits the people in the .
so, don't you think that the computer is a deffinate advantage to almost everyone?
if people find offensive from the beggining, find another book to read or talk to the teacher.
the acroos your chill.
items are all over society.
you couldn't take away movie classics like '' or ''.
gyms and resturant you can even search when a movie is goin to come out.
so without computers i would practically never see my brother, or talk to him.
of schools around the country benefit from having school computers for research.
eventually, there would be no books left.
another thing you can do it get online for how to stay healthy and exercise!
microsoft allows you to type stories and type letters.
this summer my father taught me how to ride a bicycle.
don't you think that is great?
these computers provide access to games helpful in training.
a speech on the doctor.
some people are so obsessed, they might even break down and have a fit!
she offered me a small chair to sit on and enjoy the dance.
the most wonderful thing in the world i say the second most wonderful to technology.
i wanted to so why cant you?
people can spend hours communication with someone they will never meet and completly ignore the people who care for and love them.
for example, my cousin used to be an outgoing friend person.
but, other books can have mean or hateful affects on the person who is reading it.
computers are even used as a news resource.
i think that its cool that you are playing the exact game with another.
while reading a book, a viewer skim across a passage that brings horrible experiences swelling back up in them.
my explamation for how computers are not the greatest affect on scociaty is true life interactions with your family and friends.
because theirs always some one out their that likes that one book that you might want to throw away.
i don't about you but i'm really close to my grandma.
students are smarter than many people give them credit for.
on , i went to the library with my brother to pick out a book for him.
brother is attending college at and since we do not see him often.
for example you could get a group and clean up the streets in your neighborhood or help plant trees in the park.
they help people to get familiar with looking at a screen and typing letters to form words.
well this is what im going to talk about in my essay.
there is not one single thing that proves that.
hand-eye coordinatin is an excellet and wonderful thing to have.
the computer is a great way to learn about new things.
they get obducted kids go on rooms and get themselves into trouble.
computers are also in some electronics.
will just take up all of your time.
there are other genres of music that deal with all of the things i listed above.
but then looked up everything i needed to known in an half hour.
the next one of the corn.
dear local newspaper i think some peoples are not to much on the computers.
on the other hand, i can see why adults would want the books censored.
you can just lay in bed all day and go online to work or to the mall and order things all youll have to care about is personal hygenic.
if you don't think that computers have changed students lives, well think again.
being able to keep track of everything in one computer is amazing.
i really hope you all take this into account you think about sitting at your computer!
i used to think that talking with someone.
computers are a good way to talk to friends that you not see often or just to talk at the appropriate time.
this will make peoples eyes so bad that they would not see good at all.
since computers have become such a popular thing, i think that in the future, typing or using a computer will be in the .
you began to look sloppy and nobody wants you.
well i have can be easily uploaded in a matter of minutes.
imagine those kids the night before, scribbling words away with their cramped hands, typing to write as quickly as possible.
helping around your community lets people know you care about whats going on.
he is as victim of @caps2.
if they find something offensive about the material then they can just not look at.
in addition, computer gives people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
so much easier talking to people online.""
you can simply email him the situation and arrive stress-free to work.
without the assitance from computers, ahving naetly-written and well-researched assignments would not be possible.
computers are very helpfull in simplying things and are very useful for information.
on many sites on the internet, set up person locators.
if you couldn't you would have to call the resturant for directions.
let you talk to people online and teach hand-eye coordination.
aunt only allowed us to watch one hour as a day, that included the computer.
the last type of game is the tower defense.
if that was to happen the conseqences could be fatal, such as; fines, misdemenors, respect, reputation, and even some time in jail.
this isn't just hurting ourselves but also the environment.
censorship is at times out of control but maintained we can use it for many things and have a great community as well as country.
in my brother's younger years he was always curious and asked a lot of questions all the time.
they follow what technology to make life .
people and much more.
to begin, kids are in school more than have of a school day.
he preached his doctrine to the people all over india.
how their doing and what have they been up to.
well, here is what i think of certain books or anything else that contains reading that are being taking off the shelves.
to start with, computers have a possitive affect on us.
so as you can see computers have benifits to our society today.
being home on the computer does not let you enjoy nature.
trust me, i got addicted to a game before.
these are reasons why computers have a postitive affect on people.
so in conclusion, computers are a source of health issues, action issues and mental issues.
learning about other places is fun.
, are many reasons why the computer technoligy benefits the society.
useing a computer can help us understand and learn about people and places withought a trip to the library.
because you never know what goes on at there home and they just want to get away and relax the self at the library to read.
first, you can learn so much about nature online.
so get outside!
that's to hours they could be excercising or playing outside.
computers and laptops should be network disconnected to make people get off their feet and do something helpful or brain building.
you are going to fail if you don't hand it in, so why not turn on your computer and open up the internet browser.
is an example of keeping in town with someone else.
drawing, reading, and even playing an instrument can all improve hand-eye coordination while letting you explore your creative side.
the ""computer age"" has given people in today's society the incredible opportunity to broaden their imaginations through technology.
you can provide yourself with the lastest news & stories, and you can do quick & easy research.
but to some more than others.
what about entertainment?
the project was a breeze, and i got a perfect score.
there goes all the time you could have been doing something good, wasted because of the computer.
dear , i am going to inform you that more and more people are using computers then spending time with their family.
computers have helped people tramendisly over the past years.
if they choose to write about subject's that are not appropriate for all age groups they still have the right to have their books in libraries.
things like that shouldn't be said to/ near childeren.
poetry has alot of big descriptive words.
however, just because a book or song contains an foul word does not mean that the book needs to be sheltered from the public's eyes.
well you could always go on myspace.com, facebook.com, or any other online community and make friends.
off, i'd like to say that after a long day of work, all you want to do is relax.
people do take it offensive sometimes but that doesn't mean that libraries should have to take them off their shelves.
one reason computers are having negative affect on people is because they no longer get enough exercise.
but what if you were always on the computer and never made time to hang out with your friends or family.
fans of computers will argue that they help you interact with people around the world, but what about the people in the next room?
the possess of issuing the tickets restarted.
if you just even look out your window to see this beautiful god created for us you would want to go out there and enjoy !
the first reason that their should be no censorship of novels and works of literature is because writers deserve the freedoms of speech and press.
i could go on the computer and look it up.
schools influence computer use to help us learn.
one much life is exercise, and due to the of modern computers, exercise is the key to a healthy life.
paretns and teenagers these days have become very lazy in comparison to the way they used to behave.
going outside, exercizing and getting fresh air is very important.
the computor can also hold and store data for later use like a song or picture.
also computers help out immensely with school work and homework.
your not thinking when you send your kids their that there's going to be bad things.
i remember in second grade my bestfriend, , move away.
these people are not necisarily bad, but they are under the control of technology.
my final reason is after a hard day at school or work you can come home, play some music and relax.
my brother is in and every day i get on the computer when i get home and video chat with him.
those two statistics annihilate the question of safety and reliability that some users come to ponder.
so yes i do their.
also, the majority of the people don't enjoy having something taken that they have grown so fond to.
i think these should be a limit on a computer so people spend less time on the computer and more exercising.
so thats why sould take the advantige.
i believe people have the right to read,watch, or listen to what they want as long as it is not breaking any laws.
many companies make these pictures with all imagination.
another big issue is that people are over useing the computer.
i also love video games.
computers, have not been around that long but it is contrivertal wiether it has a positive or negative effect.
a lot of people go online and play games on numerous websites.
computers benefit society and have great effect on people when they are balanced our with other important things such as exercise and socializing.
also you have a problem they will help you out.
lastly if time is being spent staring at a screen.
now kids don't even take a faststep outside their bedroom afterschool, its pointless!
he does not spend sleepless and restless nights.
why is censorship important in libraries?
finally, computers are great for learning a new language.
imagine someone addictied to computers every where he/she goes they would take their laptop with them.
a computer suggest exercise but you are not going to really do it.
cost more, but at least everyone would know that their childeren wouldn't see .
buttle only way this is going to happen is by you wanting to do so.
around the world many people sell their computers to get money to different stuff like, shoes, clothes or games.
people can get addicted to it so easily.
the books someone decides to read is up to that particular reader.
my third and final reason is that its hard to get bored on a computor.
computers have helped children and adults learn, increased the amount of jobs, and helped law enforcement.
one of the more recent games for these consoles is called of !
windows and programs will really benefit you in your need for school help.
for example, you find a website but its not suitable for minor.
this is a good way to use the computer because you can stay updated on what is going on with your family members.
the kids can look up and in seconds they have all the information they need!
interacting with family and friends.
i have noticed in my school alone, that it is a rapidly growing problem.
the computer is one of the top uses by , but i think we spend a little to much time on it.
but computers open up a realm of possibilities.
yes, i believe that computers are a use of time and will also help alot in the future.
should a book that many people love and adore be taken off shelves because some families are offended?
weather it be a different culture or even schoolwork, a computer is helpful.
don't you think socializing, and learning are two very important aspects of everyday people?
it puts them, and their whole family in danger.
this all happened because she was addicted to a website.
if a high majority of people want a particular material banned, then it is hard to ignore them.
i read a book that was about some one killing cats and i found that offensive because i love cats i would never hurt them.
the final reason why i say that computers aren't way good is for a main reason safty.
a lot of people have died frombeing that beaky.
computers make this a reality for us, but that isn't the only benefit they offer.
another reason why is because people aren't enjoying nature.
cencorship the topic i am going to discuss today is censorship.
if you agree with me contact your libray and tell them what i have told you today.
i was when i started uing a computer i loved to play fun games.
another reason to use a computer is a for research.""
so as you can see computers have good effect on our society.
if you do you will learn so many things.
lastly, the effects people have from computers are good because computers allow people to talk with people from all around the world.
i thought that computers are very helpful.
people are not taking the to make a garden, plant some tree's or simply pick up some trash on the side of the road.
i believe computers have a posative affect on society.
go see what you can find.
dear , i believe that computers benefit society very much.
it would make things easier to find the book you are wanting to read.
i can see the headlines now, ' watching movie cause them to be murders.'
's a fast and easy way to communicate.
it helped buisnessed organize work and money also its given people lots of jobs working on computers.
i this because and family.
you could use your webcam and talk to them and see than like you were in the same room.
this is way computers can change your life.
so you can check your myspace page or watch funny videos or maybe talk to some of your friends online.
if they want to look up tell them to use dictionary, theasaurus or a book.
however, i do think that the books, magizines, movies, and music should be monitred by age.
do you have out of state family you wish to talk to?
the computer is one of the fastest ways you can learn about current events.
many computers nowadays have built in webcams which alows you to get more than just an email.
about the same time, the bus reached my stop.
next reason why computers help out in society is computers help learn about hand-eye coordination.
if we aren't then we could start to get withdrawls from the computer and then will spend more time on the computer.
in my hamlet i was an early riser.
to conlude, computers have proven to benefit the and all in , not only people but the environment, too.
the authors of today have recognised this and have started to include references to sexual intimacy, but not detailed encoutners.
join a team instead of playing on the computer and .
computer also allow you to check the news and weather.
lastly, computers are a great source for researching.
for almost all of my school assignments that required research, i've used a computer.
someone had said was ugly, smelled and should ""go die in a hole.""
the censorship in libraries is an ongoing problem and it needs to be fixed.
all people have the same right to read, listion and watch different materials.
he does his duty honestly.
people need to get fresh air instead of being on the computer all day.
computers give you extra knowledge, you can connect with people and if you think they take away exercise, they do not, they can actually help exercise!
if you do this the wrong way it could blow out of the bold and potentially you.
mainly because alot of people don't take being ofeneded to kindly.
my favorite is the overweight problem.
for thought, maybe all public libraries should be broken up into sections, each with their own subject matter.
without the computers people would be lost not knowing what to do.
explain things to them when they ask you a question.
but, do not take it upon yourself to remove that book from our library.
i can type a that big in about minutes because it have been typing in other .
don't get me wrong like we need them on a daily bases, but in a sense we sort of do.
if they are complaining about how it's volgar or sexual.
so you sign into , and talk with your best friend.
as you not know i am years old and have a year old brother; we spend alot of time on the computer not just for homework.
these are the fantastic things you can do on the computer to have a better relationship.
for example you can play games.
lastly, taking to people and being active in other peoples life is important.
so in my opinion, life without computers would be good for everyone.
i also feel that it is good for people to communicate with ther family and friends who live far away.
the answer is ""yes"".
have you ever made a 's to lose weight?
going on a computer allows you to talk to anyone, anywhere, type anything needed, or to use the internet.
in my opinion censorship is alright but only used when needed.
computers have little to no effect on people.
i don't think its right, but i hope i've persuaded you to think my way.
well from all over the world are not getting enough exercise because computers.
we know what is right therefore we decide what is ok to read.
most libraries are pretty peticular of what they should or should not put out on there shelves.
we can now learn about new exiting things have fun while improving eyesight and we don't have to wait.
for example my mom runs miles everyday and still has time to go on the computer.
i dont think so.
some experts are concerned that people are using too much time on the computers.
if you do plan on traveling to somewhere you've been researching, you can order your plane tickets right there online.
the teacher could asign the homework email it to the student the student could fill it out and email it back.
regardless of how hard we try, children and teenagers will one day be exposed to the offensive material we are attempting to remove from their lives.
tower defense games make us make better decisions.
i have a beautiful red toy car.
they also allow you to do research.
this book isn't telling you what to believe or what actually happened, it just a story full of conspiracy theories.
a perfect example is my brother.
using the internet on a computer is much easier than going through books looking for something.
recently, though, some experts have been concerned whether or not computers benefit society.
no that not right it just pure wrong.
the sun is shining, the birds are chirping, and a lazy breeze is flowing through the trees.
about of kids and adults go on these online pages every day its time they stayed going on their computer more time on outside or hangout with their friends.
thank you for reading my essay on why computers are benefiting our society.
in fact, i teach myself at home.
i for me i belive computers help society.
my views on cencorship not be what others believe.
my sister went to the kitchen and tried to some work.
they claim its not their faut.
they help socitey.
just because you don't like it doesn't mean i don't like it.
i would have very friendly relations with all the teachers.
first off, many people have different opinions about what is offensive and what is not.
in cocnclusion, i would like to state that computers can have either a positive influence or a negative one as well.
childeren from the ages of to would rather spend time on the computer weather it's playing games or talking with friends.
our public libraries should take it into their own hands, by changing their censorship.
even new born babys can learn how to read, write and do math and grow up and can be president one day.
they will learn to use there eyes, arms, and hands to there advantage.
in fact, computers are so useful, some schools are starting to notice.
life isn't lollipops and rainbows.
it is to computers that these families were scuniled.
most people while surfing the internet don't keep track of time.
computers benifit us physically, mentally, and socially.
in summary, the effects computers have on people is they help make everyday life easyier.
we needed it to thrive.
please don't your life live your life.
these are the reasons why computers affect our community in a positive way.
should certain materials be removed from the shelves of the library that are found offensive?
bullys can also go on the computer to relax and stay away from people that they hate.
slavery is a strong, bold word that represents a horrible thing.
the internet is also not a very safe place.
the arrangement of their food is made by the warden.
examinations are not a true test of a student’s ability.
computers are very fun.
what really makes something offensive?
last thing is that it helps you communicate with friends and family members that live to far of a distance where you cant see them.
music should stay on the radio or in stores not in libraries.
another common thing computers are used ten is to weecth movies.
in the pase my mon used to yell at me.
another reason is going to the library cause you send more money to fill up your gas tanks.
if one has poor hand-eye coordination, well that minute report will take about a few hours.
our daily lives would be dull and boring without new technology.
but science has also produced many destructive weapons.
the computer is great if you have to do research.
more and more people will become obess if all they do is sit at a computer all day and eat junk food.
i'm saying is way too much can be accessed on the internet.
his appearance too is very funny.
the airforce uses computers to talk to people on the ground so they could protect them.
further more, people are spending too much time on computers and not enough beauty of nature.
it's a good souce of entertainment.
so you can see that of those people wouldn't go whether it be due to money or the cold.
it is very important to get fresh air, sunlight, and exersize.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
computers have a positive effect because you can communicate with other people around the world.
there were too many complaints about inappropiat books being supplied or taken off of the shelves.
example, i went to to pick up a few items a party.
if you go computer dead then it will slowly start to take over our lives.
i bet you, or your parents, or maybe even your grandparents used to hear gangs or fights going on in the streets.
i hope that after reading this, you realize that being on the computer is not always good for you.
also, cyber bullying is another problem computers put people at risk for.
you are able to learn about faraway places even if you have never been there just by looking it up.
they can play hitting games, shooting games, and even board games.
after much perseverance, he sat under a bo-tree near gaya and attained buddhahood.
this farm of online communication was perfectly safe.
people need them for communication, telephone numbers, or facts about anything.
when your kids get older starting middle school they have to do reports & pajects that recuar knolige tobe able to write or do the paper.
they use their trunk to drink water and pick up food.
and it can make people have fun which will make them stay on the computer for a long period of time.
just recently there was an earthquake in and million of civilians died.
however, i do do belive that computers have more harmful effects than good ones on the people they are used by.
also, no one has time to enjoy nature.
a lot of people use computers today.
when i have to write a paper on someone i usually use the internet.
more and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
i think they are very great to have.
what do you do, get on your computer.
studies show that of people gain weight because they cut down on exercising so they can have more computer time.
cyberbullying is when someone bullies you but just online instead.
well that my reason why 's a good reason to have a computer.
gaining weight, pink eye from staring at the screen, do i have to go on!?
he has a small shop where he works from morning till night.
said ""i eat.."" isn't bad, but your not really paying attention you eat more than you need.
dear of my local news paper: you believe this garbage that the so called expert are saying about computers?
she and her nurses treated the wounded, provided them with good food and recreation.
there are certain things tennagers should watch and read too.
myself henry has read a few books that has effened my self or has made fun of black people and i have black friends.
why do you think there are computer labs at school or desks with computers in offices.
an easy alternitive for paper is a computer.
have you ever thoughtabout the future, i know i have, usually when you think future, you think nobody and lots of automated things.
and the last thing that is more important than a computers is enjoying nature.
for these resons is why computers are not benefical to society.
i'm sure i would have gotten if i had not been distracted other things to do on the computer.
dear local newspaper, , my name is .
you will learn the benifits of working as a team and by yourself.
computers keep kids and teens entertained.
even then students get tired quick and get out of breathe because they are lazy and always on the computer.
some computers uses tend to forget about the important things in life such as family, schools work, and their own health.
has that ever happened to you?
another example entertainment is when younger brother.
there needs to be a limitations to keep certain things away from certain age groups.
what i think is offensive be seen as the best thing that has ever been printed, published, or recorded and other people's eyes.
but i still know that people like them so i would not take them away.
in school, there are times when we need to write a very lengthy composition, and it will take forever to write.
they might be playing on educational game on the computers.
everyone deserves the best and should be treated with care, not hatred.
people might not get what certain materials want you to do, but they get offended and tell someone about it.
why cant it be in a library?
a lot of students type up reports and other things for school on their computers.
fun instead of being a no life at home.
many people like computers and have one.
al currently owns the world's best cookbook!""
all in all, censorship is a horrid disease that slowly infects and consumes every part of our lives.
they sit on old moldy chairs and stare at computer screens, unlike the people enjoying the butterfly gardens and wildlife preserves.
see what happens.
therefore people would be angered or upset if their favorite book was taken off the shelf because someone said it was offensive.
of kids that have a computer use it for homewrok.
dear , computers are a vital source for anyone's household.
the shelves would be bare.
the computer is used a lot for researching.
the average people can learn about non average things any day.
those are very important things that people don't understand that they are missing of.
therefore, you don't have to look down at the keyboard.
i was standing in the balcony of my house.
as you can see the computer has a lot of positives.
what you are writting a paper you have in about all these problems and more.
he cut and smooths stones with those instruments.
finally, i would like to tell you about the fun things you can do on computers.
i know you agree with me.
in the end computers are something we i need in are life because it makes life simpler.
young kids every day are told what to do and what not to do.
studies show that a paper is faster than writing out.
so inconclusion, authors have lots on their hands.
they will be able to do sample everyday asks much better.
no, books, magazines, movies, and music can not be perfect for everyone.
many use them to create images of things for schoolprojects or science fair projects.
people can even finish highschool and college on their computers, by taking online courses!
we all use them for communication, entertainment, and knowledge.
computers also can be used for communication.
ask yourself if you would react the same way to a person who uses offensive language what should we do then?
one reason why i believe that should stay on the shelves.
movies, books, music, magazines, etc., should be allowed anywhere
do you always think about vulgar, inappropriate pictures, and illegal images?
over of the sites used by teens are based on networking.
writing out papers can be a hard, tedious task.
well, as some find out it is everything but that.
why are peope so concerned about what we with our.
now i will write one paragraph about each.
you ca share photos, videos, games, just about anything.
also, i learned to type with type to learn .
some books are ment to be read while some aren't.
the computer has programs that are used to prepare articles, essays, slide shows and brochures for presentation, as well.
instead, i believe the item should not be removed and stay on the shelves.
and what they want to do is of the time schoolwork.
i love saving time, and computers help me do that.
computers are the best things that have ever happened to our society today.
use the internet!
his father is a doctor.
now parents don't have to pay annoying phone bills anymore!
the next point i am about to say shock, surprise, or scare you.
do people have the right to limit freedom?
show you how your body works for , and tell you about the revolutionary war for .
it's all in how these people being are raised, and were raised as a child themselves.
my two favorite books are a to , and the .
can't you see how great the outdoors are?
just like religion shouldn't be taught in public schools, censoring shouldn't be allowed in public libraries.
they shuld have there own section for that kind of material.
i got , with the help of computers i found out so much more about the country that i never even know about.
over of the owns at least one computer in their house.
the parents have the knowlegde of where most of the materials in libraries are.
i say get read of it all and do everyone a favor
exercise is a key part of staying healthy.
dear , computers can have a positive effect or a negative effect on people.
getting rid of a material can lose someone information about whatever they are researching.
the new technology is helping people interact over the.
computers help organize it with their many applications and programs like apps, , and document folders.
yes, you say i will just go on a diet ino!
a large number of ships that carry containers, cross the seas every day.
instant message, and .
each and every person has a different opinion on what is offensive or not, so to censor books be to censor all individual mentality.
teenagers have a section too and they should be mature enough to handle what they read in books.
it lets you learn new things and research.
let's recap, students or adults can get information off the internet for projects or even vacations.
for example, you can talk to your friends and family to check in on them and see how their doing.
the players take part in different games.
but, i feel the computer is a magnificent invention.
however, libraries are not forced to keep this content in their libraries across the globe.
they also teach hand-eye coordination which is good for almost anything.
next time there is sunshine out, no matter what season it is, go outside and take a break from electronics.
people who use the computer all day every day, end becoming very lazy, because all they want to do is sit down and use the computer.
this awkwardness can also ruin previously close friendships.
most people tend not to pick up the phone if someone calls during a crisis.
this is right if the community strongly agrees with their local libraries.
at they help with homework and projects.
they watch inappropriate videos or pictures.
in our community library in , we have magazines, in which case these magazines are very graphic.
but you really can't tell people how long there allowed to spend on the computer you can only give an opinon and hope they listen.
dear, local newspaper people 's lot of computer that have help us with are planet.
critics think that the use of computers interferes with spending time with your friends and family.
i like my garden very much.
my family also uses the computer, to order.
this is so offensive.
now, let's stop and think about what it means for somthing to be offensive in the first place.
people could use the computer to learn about anything or everything.
she didnt have a computer sheld never obtain such knowlage.
i thanked her and then completed my work.
i think done all i could.
on sunday he plays tennis with his friends and also teaches me how to play the game.
think about it.
for me computer games expanded drawing.
but after some time the order becomes a part of our nature.
people are spending way to much time on the computer.
they are an amazing marvel of science that greatly benefits man-kind today.
this vcreates and unhealthy family, which is bad because people need to have a strong connection with family.
i, myself, have friend who lives in that i miss very much.
uploading photos to share with other family and friends.
people today always seem like they are trying to find something offensive.
dear , 't it about time we start thinking more about the digital age.
dear local newspaper- i understand that computers are becoming more of a ""must have"" in peoples everyday life.
so that shows that the computer can be fun, but also dangerous.
you want get excise.
you never what might find out.
every sunday my mother cooks a tasty lunch and we all set to eat it together.
i think who ever gets there first should get the book, but that just me.
if people followed what the box says and listen to the guidlines, then there would be no problem.
would come home and not even bother to do homework, but would just immediately go online.
you know some forms of cancer are caused by the radiation of technological devices?
it is east to communicate using a computer.
most use this account to talk to their friends online.
dear local newspaper, i think computers are great sources.
censorship is not necessary because if you are offended by some material then don't read or listen to it.
trees are also very necessary for having good rainfall.
i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
i think computers are good what about you.
they can help us with many things, above and beyond.
and finally for e-mail, you can send people letters videos, or you can just talk to other people by typing like all the others.
everything there will be seen by the public and large masses of people.
a third reason is haveing a computer and is always on it.
since you are sitting not doing anything else you start to eat a lot of snacks.
by doing so, it teaches hand eye coordination.
many people also speed up their word by using the computer.
first, they can help to improve hand-eye coordination.
feeling lazy, she sits down.
not every child learns the same way, nor are they interested in the same things.
when i was in grade my teacher ms.casserelle set up a classwide email for us.
not to mention, you can even make new friends.
the answer is computers.
supose one student broke his leg and he love playing soccer.
i tried as hard as i could, but everytime i logged unto facebook and looked at what people said about me, i died inside.
they reach people hand-eye coordiantion can be use all through our life.
also, surfing the web for news or funny videos is fun sometimes.
so reader these are some reasons why people should easily computers.
yes we do live in a world where everyone is judged by how they .
wouldn't you agree with me?
computers can be relied on by people.
that is also a typing game.
books should be able to be written about any and everything that interests people.
computers allow you to access thousands of free services to benefit you.
some people live far away from their family so computers really help them stay in touch and to be able to see each other.
say we jump out of bed, gets some breakfast and head to the park to gets an excrize with your family and friends.
i support advances in technology.
first of all, computer users receive significantly less exercise than those who do not use computers.
library : or bad?
they just do not feel comfortable fellow students saying them and their teachers saying them.
and lets say that you arn't able to watch the news cant you go online and check that to!
for many students it is hard to compose essay's in a public school's library.
you can learn about new places, you can do research, and you can communicate with friends or fumily.
her mother could drive her ther, but what if she wasn't at home or driving someone else to a doctor's appointment?
sohan is my next-door neighbor.
the reason i explained all of this is so children dont get ahold of them.
to start you shod agree with me becasue my detailed and my reason.
some were enjoying boating.
thus our outlook is widened.
everyone in the world should be able to have a computer so that they could obtain the knowledge that they would nedd to suceed in life.
stay calm.'
about the book, moives, and magzines that are the liberary.
then, you can earn a good amount of money, and live your dream life!!
not just for games.
but these things can be done by government alone as these require big resources, organization and manpower.
the planet should be explored not surfed in the web.
i could understand the whole cellphone thing but you need to make more time for your family.
those are fun and great way to interact with your family.
might take a while, but over time people get the hang.
they can see bad pictures, nudity, drugs and violence.
the more and more we advance in society we get laziar and forget to about these essential things.
simply by visiting the homepage, you automaticly see the news feeds of things happening around the world.
but i'm sure he learned lesson.
none the less, the computers are at their begining and they will further improve.
the place was full of small and pretty houses.
if parents don't want their children seeing those things, the shouldn't take them to that section.
picture this: you come home one day after work and before you even enter the house, you hear music blaring from your child's room.
i can also see why people dont really care about advaces in technology or computers!
its become a threat to its user.
thank you for your time.
as you can see computers do benefit the society.
what if you were bored to death, and you couldn't watch t.v.
first, i think that computers can sometimes make you smarter.
is very clear that our teens are growing up with no communication skills.
well, they do.
it is not right to deprive communication through these things.
in conclusion, computers are a necessity to our living.
you don't need more then an hour.
exersise the stronger you get people livse computers because they could there frends play games thats but some time we have to go outside.
some people have become too dependant on their computers.
in a library no one can judge you for your beliefs, culture, or opinions.
do you like learning about faraway exotic land and animals?
who just so happens to think we should continue slavery.
on the other hand, some movies are ment to be for one type of audience when instead another audience see's the material.
we all have seen a rainbow, one day or the other.
are there some relatives you been face to face with its because of computers.
they deserve more attention than a machine.
say you need clothes or shoes or maybe even games.
so i get home after sports, go on, and theres always enough of me to go around.
yes computers definetly have a positive effect on society.
on the computer your probably wasting every second searching or playing games.
now from ages years of age usually spend their time there and would likely read this type of information.
then all you have to do is simple type in what you want to know then bam!
lastly in a computer you basically find out anything you want to know.
on the computer you can use instant or email; twitter, or myspace as well.
what would most people do without a computer?
on the other hand, children should not be able to reach or see some of this.
also you can interact with your friends and family, and there are many applications used for business.
but say you don't know what to do that day.
you can write e-mails, access live chat or even webcam.
these marvelous machines can provide entertainment, socialize with people around the world, and even provide information on any topic you would like.
in this country we can.
he was crying for help.
if all readers were able to look past the surface amoung these scenes, less books would be contemplated on shelf removal.
i think if you are offended by a movie, music lyric, book, or a magizine don't read or watch it
a student write a research paper on the effects a certain drug has on an individual.
the computer allows you to easily contact an old friend so that you can stay in touch.
dear , i computers is a new technology that keeps on getting better and better.
people spend more time staring at the screen than exercising and interacting with friends and family.
do you think the adolescence would want to waste paper because their messy handwriting and mistakes?
last but not least, you enjoy spending time with the ones you love but seem to busy because your on the computer all day?
a computer can tell you just about anything you need to know.
of people don't chat with others online.""
thank you for taking the time to read my opinion.
but son't say should be removed this book.
some experts are thinking that it's too much time on the computer, but it can be very useful to others, by helping them gain knowledge.
the reson that i belive in this strongly true stament.
a library is a place where anyone can go to find information on something, find an interesting read, or just relax.
the also allows those less fortunate who can never afford a plane ride to discover a place they've always wanted to go.
and you would feel like a tourist.
it helps the younger kids in school where they have to write a or have to do a project, and helps the elderly peope their jobs.
most people in the have at least one and the number grows still.
you no if books have all the information you need for school project, or your own family history.
also, staring at a screen all day is bad for your eyes, and brain.
but it alos causes people to spend more time of the computer and less time exrcising enjoying nature, and interacting with friends and family.
the same thing applies for watching movies and listening to music.
trees reduce pollution and increase rain.
we are very blessed to have this available because if someone cannot afford cerain books, they can always rely on the library.
imagine yourself a white, year old boy, growing up in an all white town.
has been working overseas for two years in , .
this was caused by the radiation emitted from the computer.
with out his life is impossible.
google is not the only search engine on the internet, there is also , !, , , , etc.
should the library have books, magazines, or even movies that are offensive to your kids, little borther/sisters, or friends?
when your on a computer, there is so much to do, so much you can get out of it.
you don't realize how much you are missing because you are on the computer.
dear , the effects computers have on people can be hurting our society or it can also be helping society.
recently the growing issue of censorship in libraries came to my attention.
in addition, computers have word processor and other applications that help workers do their jobs daily.
but if your an adult you should be able to read, listen, or watch whatever you want to.
judgment comes from expirience, and expirience comes from bad judgement, qouted from my uncle's dad.
the computer also teaches hand eye cordanation.
website such as google and yahoo can track down millions of results in a matter of seconds if you search the name of a city or country.
sometimes their is no way of getting around inapropriate materials.
you can also send mail, it is most semplr.
this thus leaves the labraries with a choice.
i hope that this letter informed you more about computers.
a library can not please everyone by taking out all of it merchandice that be considerd offensive.
dear local newspaper, i think the effects that computers have on people are bad, and should be stopped.
libraries are one of the best places to find those materials.
he thought how to get rid of these sufferings.
according to a survey done by the only of computer users reported that they exercised at least once every week.
secondly, people think that it teaches hand eye coordination but so sports.
he was then taken for an examination by the bone-specialist.
so the parents should leave it on the shelf and prevent their own kids from reading it and let the other parents worry about their own kids.
they are so ugly and gross that some people cant stand it.
media that used to only be found on the shelves is now displayed online, which can never be permanently removed from public view.
then i go to the bathroom.
are great because on , you can talk to your friends if you don't have a cellphone, or talk to friends that live in another state, .
your brain will be fousing on the computers than school.
the ability us to get more education.
i do think the books should be removed from the shelves, but put somewhere else where a child could find it.
it also teaches you how to type fast.
theres lots of things you could do outside!
i don't agree with the censorship in libraries on materials for many reasons.
my first reason is kids might have to write an eassy for school.
in a different area of the library.
you cry many tears and try to patch up the holes in you heart.
this is very helpful for last-minute plan changes, because for those who do not own a telephone, communication be, negatively affecting your time of entertainment.
just remember kids and adults of all ages reading is a good thing no matter what you decide to read.
you can tell that the amount of knowlage that computers give us is very important!
, the delema over computers needs to be noticed.
thats just the part of the world.
almost of teens get kidnapped because od giving their a way to stranger and of those teens don't get found.
on a computer all you can do is watch and even that is nothing compared to the real thing it's just a snapshot of it.
when the malignant being is the government itself.
most people couldn't, especially if you own a buisness.
computers give people the ability to learn about far away places.
i thought of getting down it was then that my eyes fell on a dog.
after school hours, i came home with sorrow and anger.
do not get me wrong.
staying on all day sitting down rating.
from the regime of to the banning of in the empire.
people can save work on them, visually experience things they've never seen before, or even catch up with old buddies.
computers are a lot beter than having to drive to a library because with just a couple as clicks you could find what you want and be done.
wedding are grand affairs.
to censor things out is condraticary to that amendmant.
if someone to a country that they have they might go on the computer to learn more about that country and their culture.
students use typing to type reports and e-mail.
you can tell a friend that you cant it to there party.
more over it will bring more danger to you and your family.
i agree and disagree with the prompt.
high school and up i think that its okay to have on the shelves in magazines, books, music and movies.
there are some materials in a library though that could be offensive.
computers can help society and learning so help the growth technology today!!
not only can they be time consuming, computers can also be dangerous.
we should try and keep our surroundings clean.
computers have changed the way we research and finish school works.
there are many different types and styles of these categories and it isn't disturbing anyone.
but he is fair and loving.
of children instratford almost never outside and excersize.
the libraires and stores usually mark the sections on what genre they are.
if there was our thing in the world that would keep parents and children together, it isn't the computer.
this needs to step!""
now people of all ages can use it for all different kinds of things.
computers will bring nothing but grief to humanity.
i disagree, i believe that it is bad for a few reasons.
the time they spend exercising and playing makes up only five percent of their day.
i was very happy when we went and i saw how beautiful is.
as you can see, wasn't for the internet, barely any one would have the love and passion as most people do today for nature.
even though people don't like computers or don't like to use them.
it is a devastating outcome of using a computer too much.
i find it amazing how someone from one country could write a book, then someone from another country could read it.
these are real time.
one instance of this: media censorship.
also, the movies rented out of the libraries today are very offensive.
people have the right to read anything and to see anything they want, and if they disagree well they should just deal with it.
would have took about years longer to crack the code of the genes of we did not have computers.
so why fight it,well i say we don't.
look, i recieved a !
people have trouble looking at things in different perspectives and because of it they can cause trouble.
computers allow us to reserch topics need for classes or work. ""
the holidays are fun.
while i was in our public library one afternoon i was looking at the movie selection, i was tring to decide which movie to chose.
are some themes which can guide us to a noble path.
in conclusion, the computers
dear , i feel like computers are good for you in a lot of ways.
i also play the game with my friends in the neighborhood.
some think that by wasting time on computers, people are using up time that could be spent studying or with family.
studies show that in the , out of people were overweight.
computers have virouses.
say you are doing a report for school on the of the , but you didn't know any thing about them.
he is very tall.
if they think that the book is approriate then they can read it and there is no law stating that they have to share the book with anyone else.
read ahead and discover why i think computers are great.
the truth is we can not stop them, their is so much of the pornography and bad music out in this world that your can get it anywhere.
programs like skype and allow you to video/voice/ chat to people around the world at no cost.
if everyone had a say on what books or other materials were put on the shelves of libraries, we wouldn't have any libraries.
computer, a survey conducted by grade , showed that out of have never noticed the blooming flowers or the smell of fresh rain.
my second reason is theie family.
if we didn't have technology as in computers i think a lot or things would go wrong.
i know the other day i saw a really mean comment that made me feel bad for the victim.
but for them there is no learning, just accepting.
such as essays that have to be typed and can't be hand written, and projects for school.
also some people don't like the different seasons and might want to stay in their homes.
this is why computers are so helpful because they give a way to research other places around the globe.
they can find information about how much time should be spent on the computer to not have sight decrease or worse.
these is how ever a growing concern about whether it's beneficital or not?
it is his daily routine.
i have known that i wanted to be a lawyer since i was seven years old and have been working to better my education based on my goals.
so if you use a computer, you'll be hitting homeruns, not striking out.
the world has enough horrid language in it, why should the library add to it by letting kids get ahold of these books and repeating what they hear.
dear , many people say that computers can have an bad effect on people.
computers have, without a doubt, had a positive effect on people.
self control really is the only way to get off the computer and step into the real world.
my mom thinks that using computer is a posotive effect on the world.
let's say you wanted to do research on .
i love these because they are very amusing world.
people sitting on their couch all day with their eyes blood from stearing at the monitor for hours.
they help you learn about faraway places, talk to people who live faraway and play fun computer games.
you can tell because is a different for than the others, and bad things happen.
i am a good basketball player and enjoy playing this game very much.
sometimes it is appropriate for offensive language or topics to be written about.
computers are an amazing technology to life.
without them, we would be and have nothing
this a whole lot of fun!
it seem hard to believe, but you can learn tremendous amounts things from the internet.
you could always put them up high too so the kids wouldn't even know they was there.
one can book a flight anywhere in a matter of minits on a computer.
the reason for the dese children is quite simple-they over use, and forget the natural bounderies to using something.
instead of waiting for the reports to stop talking and , you can check instantly on one of the many news websites and still be early.
in a library it's censorship should be conrtolled by the people that go to that library.
lastly, computers can be helpful with homework.
learn to be strong enough to stand tall in what you believe in and don't let haters or other peoples opinions bring you down
( i'm sure the is an adult.)
i just don't think that people would be to happy.
they're at the age where they should be able to handle it, than going through these feeling alone
also, who knows teens are doing on the computer.
the risk of any of these things happening is very high.
the information that people find would probably help them find were a store is or a number for a restaurant.
don't you want to spend as much time as you can with them?
sitting on front of a screen can your health and also.
they let people talk online.
computers are holding more thand of people working or driving their cars.
and, in some cases it can cause depression.
just because books have vulgar lanuage, blood and gour, and sexual things, doesn't mean they should be pulled from shelfs.
whether it's facebook, myspace, aim, you can tlak to your distant or close family and friends.
but think are they really helping us?
just because a majority does not like the topic of the work does not mean that the minority should have the book taken away from them.
it provides information on vacations, hotels, ext.
bring out on the beach, hiking in the woods or even just sitting on the swing in your backyard can be the most.
and another thing if u are having trouble findin freind you can just see if they are online.
the most widely used machine is the computer.
the decads without computers were much more useful and everyone lived happpier.
computers have a negative affect on people!
so when it boils down to it nothing should be removed from the shelves.
not only does the computor help communication but it also helps us gain information on modern day society like the news to stay up-to-date.
everyone once in their life had to atleast experience something unpleasant.
we should always ask our parents before we decide on something.
it should not be limited based on someone elses opinion.
read on for further explaing.
just get outside and do something.
but it wasn't me who the cops was coming for, it was my next door neighbor.
staying inside all day will keep people from getting the neccessary amount of vitamin they need which is a vital nutricious vitamin that comes from the sun itself.
so, library material should be a choice
this allows you to type and sent emails faster.
of the goes without physical domain for at least a and a half.
it doesn't even do anything bad to your brain.
although when you arent able to get that, its a good way to talk.
seventy-two percent of kids who spend all their time on the computer are over weight.
i have three seasons why people should spend less time on their computers.
anything you might be interested in learning is all on the web.
computers are a huge advancement in business.
it is for their own benifit, not for yours.
another reason why something should get pulled off the shelf is if the book supported drugs.
the reason why i think some things shuld be removed is because some kids don't need to look at certain things.
teens also find it easier to bully other children via the internet or social networks.
voice were raised.
but after school she goes on her computer and talks to people that are just like her.
one of my fathers friends had everything on his computer.
well, no, because they think they will get entertain by technology instead of their family.
we also eat cereals in the form of popcorn.
soon he was carried away in a car.
lastly if you are older you can use facebook to find friends you have not seen in a long amount at time.
if it weren't for the internet i seriously know that our friendship would collapse.
she/he has the right to remove that item but what if, to someone else, that item was exactly what they were looking for?
his book taught me a few things and made me think different about people.
think about all the negative things that could happen.
libraries are suppost to be a resource for everyone, which means they need to have materials for everyone, even though they might seem offensive.
a computer can be used for many things like learning.
they provide us wood for fuel.
helping out in your community provides many opportunties to meet new people, and it feel a sense of accomplishment.
so, you're never really avoiding your friends and family.
at night, when i return to bed , i really repent for having been born eldest.
sometimes these information are flase but if you find the websites you can get the rite information.
so you decide , should be outside more?
computers also provide a social networking throught a community, state, or even a country!
to the editor of the , i am writing to state my opinion as to whether computers benefit or harm society.
we have stooped to the level of installing offensive materials in libraries where anyone can check them out.
i learn about current events that i wouldn't know without a computer.
books are important in the life of human beings wheather they are for studies,entertainment, or any other use.
some people lie and say they were geting on it.
in conclusion, computer technology is hurting the human race and could be preventing greater things to be happening in individual's lives.
as you can see computers effect many people in a negative way.
the computer also has various pictures which is also good.
a rich man without good health can not enjoy a good sleep.
now they also have schooling tutors online.
he lives in a small cottage near the market.
in conclusion, computers have a very positive effect on people.
i use it to do homework.
how do these conversations come up?
are more could be there so the computer they dont.
my three arguments are its not healthy, the friends you meet up there are siber friends and bad occur.
many people love to read stuff that other people might find offensive.
if people were more understanding of others, then we could have more censorship for the things that agrivate other people.
the sections are split into children , teens , and adults .
just remember online you can be whoever you wont to be you could be only ten, but say your .
it was a beautiful place.
most kuchers will be a let happier if their kids come, in with there homework then without.
in sociatey their are not a lot of people who now right away what they want to be when they grow up.
i strongly believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
all of these are easily accessible by children of all ages.
there is no mom or dad there to stand by and say, 'oh no thats not acceptable speech son'.
as recently stated, i think computers are useful because they help with your hand-eye coordination.
there are materials in libraries that are found to be offensive to some people.
my aunt died from useing a computer to much she had brain cancer and she died she lived for year with the cacer.
dear local newspaper, have you ever wondered why people spend so much time on the computer.
so i hope you can take this letter into recognation and do something about it cause thes computers can affect my health your health and even your childrens health.
you can talk to someone that you have not talk to in years.
they also keep you from enjoying life, to the fullest and can separate you from friends and family when not controlled.
i know that as a student of , other students and i need to type our homework at least three times a week!
one of the greatest findings amoug the .
games are one of the causes or obesity in america.
we have a problem with bad drivers here in the so if they improve their coordination maybe the numbers of car accidents and fatalities involving automobile will decreas.
first computers alow you to socialize online.
that was a very dark period in history.
i really don't see the need to due with all books that be offensive to a single person, or group of people.
life is built on hopes and aspirations.
their social skills and mind is being corrupted because of offensive media.
first, children watch movies and they see to people kissing and one thing leads to another.
people think just because the story was in a book, than of course it can't be real.
the computer teaches us how to type, and search on the web and learn about it.
they help interact with other people students, and fa mily members, when not in contact.
computers inform people about important news.
its that persons right to choose weather or not it is age appropriate for them or not.
they never come out of their rooms, and if they ever do, then they are normally very cranky.
of are employed as of , and with that number dropping people need to get more work done to keep their jobs, or even keep their businesses open.
computers are letting people communicate daily with people from all around, without having to wory about running out of cellphone minutes.
computers can also, people slugish bor lazy.
if we socialize through computers our socializing skills could worsen because you are not practicing the socializing skills like eye contatct.
some company joined to make one together.
many people spend their life on their computer instead of exercising, going out with friends, or spending time with family.
so please dont use the computer.
friends & family start to know who you are less because you can' see emotion through a computer.
i know not spending time exercising is bad but learning about new things cant be that bad.
some ways to contact people on a computer are using e-mails, instant message, facebook, myspace, and many other websites.
i for one believe that computer are useful for many things.
there will be games online.
computers can also be used for amusement.
the time has come to decide weather people spending a lot of time on the computer is a bad thing or not.
into a computer to add beats and different vocals.
he gets everything without doing anything.
syblings are fighting over who gets to go on the computer.
a lot of people use a computer for fun.
computers are also fun for kids because you can play a lot of games on bring.
also people need to be doing more activities in their lives.
continue reading for more on as towny computers do'nt benefit society.
without computers my teachers would not be able to read my work.
there is this cool website called .dcotors.com.
it's important to know things on on the computer you can look it up and find out.
a library is a place that has a peacful and calm environment.
writing letters is to slow, on computer the other person your talking to can reply immediately.
the books however, i don't see a reason why to have them removed off the shelves.
there are so many wonderful and inspiring books and movies out there and there is always going to be someone who does not like at least one of them.
it could be fake, and you'd have no idea.
our schools really need to watch what they put onto there selfs.
computers are advanceing every year.
what will you do?!?
some things come across as offensive to others, but who has the right to say that something should not be shared with the rest of the world.
second of , have better things to .
music i think is different.
many people believe that computers are positive towards our society.
for some it be pictures.
after narrowing it down she had made her decision she had picked , a she had never even heard a couple months ago.
there shouldn't be access to that in your library because everyone can see it and you don't know how it will effect them.
so if you think about it, you will always have the poeple that like to complain about something no where you go.
i hope that this opens up many peoples eyes.
these children need to be taught that there is other ways to do things.
and they make writing a lot easier.
finally, you can purchase anything with a click of a button.
furthermore, there are too many advertisements on tv.
using computers too much will have a bad effect on society.
video chat is just like talking on the phone but you can also see the person you're talking to.
computers could help us learn by searching up research for a paper or even expanding our general knowledge.
i think computers has positive effects on people like me.
the computer is a great tool but don't get take to much advantage of it because it is not a priority.
as soon as a train arrives, they rush towards it.
yes computers teach you things, but exercise teaches you you things while you are getting fit.
as well as the library, the movie store and everything else.
i am ready to study and work hard to fulfill my dream of flying high among the stars.
when on peroson is on the computer the other people feel that they love the computer more than they love themselfs.
computers give you access to talking with your friends.
you can even a computer so you can video chat, and not have to wait to get your reply.
where would we be if we had to handwrite everything?
the computer that i use is a unique computer that was customizable to my liking.
if someone underage wanted to check out the book, they would have to get permission from their parent.
, computer programming expert, said, ""computers have made receiving information so much faster.
computers are very useful when it comes to sudents education.
if they spend too much time on the computer they are more likely to fail their classes.
then you get obese from not having enoughb exercise.
ask your question.com these websites have all the info on things you need help with.
i think that my oppinon can help your decision.
dear readers, everyone now-a-days has a computer.
you can also learn about people and their cultures.
your not going to be able to catch every single movie, book, magazine, or cd that has something to do with violence or alcohol use.
having the computers to type on removes the fact that if our teacher can't read it she can't grade it.
, i was reading about the and a few days we talked about how that posibly could have been made.
i was very happy to see them.
this is a perfect way for communication and business.
also the air is good for your body.
's now or never to decide what you think!
in art, we made a cartoon, and made it look real with photoshop.
my word of advice; don't let your children become addicted!
facebook, aim, email, twitter, etc are all ways for people to comunicate through the computer.
then you would have to make the graph by hand making sure not to mess up.
cesorship is tool we use to block ourselves from reality.
have you used your today?
i support the advances in technology.
that is only the opinion of sombody.
for all the reasons i have stated, i do not agree with removing anything off the shelves because something finds it to unacceptable if not offensive.
also, they aren't interacting with friends and family.
computers have made our generation very intelligent.
's a website for schools were you can take quiz instead of paper.
being human i do sometimes forget homework or school asignments.
we still got to talk and have a nice conversation.
when the ears of rice are ripe they turn golden.
prince siddhartha was the heir to the throne after kind suddhodana’s death.
my mother has to yell at me to have my lunch.
you are the visitor, click here to get your prize!
my opinion for having computers is i don't think we should have them because you don't get enough exercise.
one reason is that people need it to get information from search engines like ""google"" and ""yahoo"".
we can inhale fresh air if we have more trees on this earth.
i know your thinking that computers could be used for education, but humans prefer fun over anything else and i hoped this helped you realized that.
i say that because the people who are mostly on the computers only know about things when it is on the computer.
dr. expert in relationship to humans said, ""people without computers cant do what others can.
computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway people and places and allow people to talk online.
plus some people dont have computers or enternet excess, so they cant look up things easly.
however, i tend to believe that the computer is not necessary.
being outside they can play sports, ride bikes, swim, run and more.
the more on their computers, the less exercise they get and less fresh air.
in trying construct a monument, the government and culture find that they have little to build off of.
ahve a reaserch paper due on ?
computers are good and everyone should have one.
i think it's not fair because being on the computer has a lot of benefits, like teaching you hand-eye cordination.
people will fight for their freedom to see and hear what they want because people know what they want and will get it any way they have to.
as you can see computers have helped students all across the .
in this paragraph i am going to tell you about why i think that people should other things than going on the computer all night.
you are the viewers and buyers to these suppliers and if you dont like it dont buy it or look.
i went onto my computer yesterday and what do you think happened?
most teens do things with out there parents knowing and when they start driving they can lissen to whatever they want.
my ninth grade year in high school, i read 'to a ' by .
i also think tha computer is important because it is where businessmen do their job.
and thats whay i think computers are good.
also, having computers at home can be the cause of people's electricity bills that went higher than they had when they didn't have computers.
dear, 's laying down in his bed.
i'm pretty sure that would make most people upset exspecially if they're a adult.
the answer is simple, go on the internent!
in the following paragraphs i will explain on reasoning.
with all this new / quicker stuff you can talk to friend when ever you want.
out of those people, said they rarely go outside because theu are trapped in the cyber world.
through the internet, people can type messages back and forth.
the simplest thing to do is to leave it up to the reader to decid if they should read it, or not.
i disagree with that statement.
is a form of where someone can chat or instant message someone and hurt their feelings.
television, news, drama, life, and controversy.
i consider it a sin to waste money on personal pleasures.
i believe that all the books are meant to be in the library.
especially in the you should be outside enjoying nature go for a swim or bring your annoying little siblings to the park.
i didn't want to play alone so i just stayed inside and went on my computer for the day.
milk is palatable food for the sick and the invalids as well.
another fun website is ''.
i don't want my kids to pick this up and read this.
they are a connection to the world, like places, and people.
also technolgy needs to slow down, it's getting to advanced.
basically, i think the computer is a huge time and effort saver that every household needs.
computers can alos provide a fun source of entertainment on the web.
said a surgean at , after dealing with a severe case of obesity.
also, you can get a virus blocker that helps eliminate them.
the only thing computers do for us these days is abandon our free time.
the effect computers have on humans is by far a positive one, and the outstanding intelligence computers provide must be embraced, not feared and avoided.
you could also socialize with family and friends.
no, of course not.
it is much more fun to be with someone in real life, then to talk with them online.
many kids would rather choose the computer programming class rather than physical education.
it shouldn' even be allowed.
censorship can eliminate many varieties of reading materials that people can learn from and enjoy.
many people who spend most of their time on the computer are or became obese.
i bet you that if you keep reading it would be understandable, why i agree.
now you just have to make an ajustment on the computer and in seconds its done with the new design.
to our whole life, we will have to interact and socialize with others.
i think that computers help society learn and helps people to talks to others around the world.
in fact, a familiar story tells the unfortunate fare of one local girl, who unknowingly chatted with an online stranger.
computers help people so much in schools, work places, and at home.
that's just scratching the you miss your favorite show ?
even though certain books offend people, i think the book or magazine should not be removed from the library or shelf.
the pros of computer definetly outweigh the.
many of the books banned have important lessons that can be obtained through reading it.
say you need the date olympic gold medalist was born, google it!
it would be a would far different from our own.
what might be offenses to you, be enjoyable to someone else.
book burning happened because of the dislike of people's writing.
i think that a compuer couldn't help you in many career?
they leave a positive effect on people in the community and world.
many people have myspace, facebooks, aim, these all benefit us by having conversations with one another.
i read book almost on all subjects.
he is s stockbroker, and operates his whole job from the computer in his house.
the sun will instatntly damage your eyes while overtime a computer slowly damges your eyesight.
now it's possible to learn about life in first hand.
most kids spend all day on the computer on , facebook, , and youtube.
not just about family and friends, but the world too.
buisnesses would be unreliable because no instant contact would mean it might take a long time for products to be assembled and shipped.
kids a lot of times will pick books that have pornagerfy or grusium action.
the game can be so addictive that kids and adults might not get their work done.
it all depends on peoples different beilfs and thier culture.
in conclusion if we stay on the computer then we won't get excerise enjoy nature or interact with friends.
then i realized how easy it is for a child to access adult information.
life doesn't seek to hide its darker side from us at all and to hide it from our children will serve little more than to handicap them.
also, if you are a photographer, then you can sell & share you photographs online you can also advertise you company or buisness.
also, interactions with family members & friends decrease.
lots of critics say that a computer is not educational.
as you can see computers can help people realize their dreams.
books could have given me the same info but computers are always up to date and accurate.
now facebook, and are the social networking sites that rate the .
computers are great, but using it too much can make you miss out on tons of activities.
big public awareness programs should be organized to teach the public about the value of water.
some were discussing the law and order problem, while others were discussing the rising prices.
ever used the popular website ww.google.com?
this would save you the hessle of having to keep calling him.
another person enjoy that book and many others like it as well.
he wears a white uniform to school.
the yourk , asking if the readers were for or against technology.
i not talking about a real life talking about the activitys you do away from home.
should certain material found to be offensive be removed from the shelves of our library?
milk is an important part of our daily diet.
hello everyone, i have heard how many people are basicly saying that computers are bad.
censorship in libraries the library presents to the community many different things for entertainment.
you can make music and make money off of it.
in the library.
as people get home from wherever, and they didn't get the daily paper, the you can go online and look at it.
censorship in librarys could be useful so children and young people don't see what their parents don't want them to see.
libraries always need advice.
many parents do not talk to their kids about certain things, such as drugs.
i don't need to grab a and throw it into a boombox.
i think that this would offend the person whom wrote the book or the writter of the script for a movie.
another reason is, if you need a work-out or healthy eating tips, you can just print them out.
dear , i think we should have computers for great purposes.
a lot of them feel that it is helping and improving their learning ability, others disagree.
spending too much time on the computer is a horrible disease.
kids go on myspace and put up pictures and posts, but they don't realize that everyone can see what they said.
unfourtunetly, this addiction to the computer has brought you farther away from them.
we need computers to do things and do tasks needed to live life.
computers are real useful.
we do live in the land of the free, i think we can a little controversy over a book or magazine.
i know their are people that will agree or disagree but what i think they should do is leave them.
we need all books because they teach us the past, they all have a purpose, and we become more intellegent.
anyday now they will be completly online.
the last thing is the music it has bad language in it and kid can just check them out with out even trying hard.
this technology many of the decisions made in and wouldn't be made and many solders would have died as a result.""
they want to fit each magazine personally to each individual.
online for the games make it even more fun thus it make them lazier.
thousands of people are on facebook.
it is inevitable that the computer and technology related to that, paint the picture of the future of our world.
is very cruel to animals.
well now you don's have to worry about that anymore because talking to distant relatives online is free! ""
what would appeal to one man might be the subject of ridicule to another.
and don't let these sick-minded people get to you or your kids.
my first reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because computers teach hand-eye coordination, give people the abilit to learn about faraway places.
dear , opinion on the effects computers have on people, are that computers are used for the wrong reasons.
computers also help with instructions on how to make things.
for example, for one quest you have to kill a demon, but for another, just find a missing cat.
out of ,000 people in the world are addicted to computers.
those were the good here are some bad things about compters.
's fun, but also educated.
so many stores now allow you to purchase stock on me.
but on the other hand i can see how some people can get offended.
this i cause less people to be phisicaly active and less fit.
most kids in the are a member of a social network like or .
the computer is a technology that has come to make daily life simple.
i was once that little kid who opened the wrong book, at the wrong time.
it's just like a fighter plane but without a pilot!
it was changed our society, and if you ask me, in a very posotive way.
this egg later develops into a small creature like a worm with legs.
in the novel ' ' censorship is one of the main themes of the story.
these computers can even improve your mood.
next, it's unhealthy, and lastly, internet preditors.
my that computers are beneficial to our society is that they people the ability to faraways places.
first of all, computer are very helpful with typing skills.
otherwise there is bound to be confusion.
not only that but also, ""www.internetsocool.gov"" states that information you can find in a regular library is about of information you can find online.
they are a way of communication, , and allows students to do better in school.
i strongly believe we should recluce our dependence on computers!
second of all, they're very information.
grownups working, .
if can lead to and relly bad grades.
in our daily lives we observe nature, and it's beauty.
kids take pride in calling others bad names regarding there rase, there gender, or even the gender they like.
you want to live a long and healthy life, don't spend all your time having your eyes give to a screen.
this online behavior must stop people are getting addicted and gaining wait from the lock of physical activity.
this proves that computer are more efficent than books.
there's ways and reasons to stop being so attached to technology, we just don't know how to get the message spread.
maybe a friend can help with homework.
so if the libary has this type of music it should be monitored as to who checks it out.
if people didn't have computers they would have to go to the library and spend time looking them.
if you dont like that the library displays all the 'offensive' items then you dont have to go it is an personal choice.
kids will be kids, as well, adults will be adults.
of these parents just agree to these terms and don't even read them.
it can do many things like help you learn something new and see new/old friends.
each book tells a differnt story and teaches a different moral.
that's what we want for our kids, right?
it helps kids if they need to research something.
the music that kids listen to would have something about killing, drugs, and alchoale.
freinds are also great to be with because they make you laugh have adventures and are always there for you.
your mind can be foucused and in one pot fucusing on thing is good for you such as the computer screen.
in the every person has the right to express their feelings and opinions on any topic that they want to.
people are so caught up with computers, their desire for starts to fall.
scholastic kids states that kids who use the the computer and use the keyboark brings there up points.
putting censorship in libraries would not be a good idea.
if the library was privately owned then the owner could decide to put whatever books they wanted into it and censor whatever books they wanted to.
with all this new technology, teenagers aren't aware of their surroundings at all.
with the help of the internet, i can do.
without the computer i would not have been able to learn about this fasinating country.
if it is cold outside or raining you can still entertain yourself with just a computer.
also if you were to want to order some things such as shoes, clothes, perfume fragrances, lotions and some even order house hold things if needed.
the computer has all of the faimly fun movies, itunes tracks, and even websites where you could make your own movies.
they help people in many ways.
this for some people is their lives even alot of people use computers for their work.
if you think the book is that offensive to you just stay away from that area of the libary and don't think about that book
another astounding development in computer technology is that you can talk to other, no matter where their location is.
my first reason about this computers issue is it makes than not pay attention in the school.
i would also have my own room devoted for music only.
computers also allow students to email teachers in case missed classes and assignments.
you can talk to your friends, learn handeye coordination and get an education.
however, i believe the computer wasn't a waste of thought.
mahatma gandhi is my favorite leader.
also if you've been feeling lonely, like you can't find the right person.
i didn't think so.
there is something in each that strikes a spontaneous appreciation.
the reason they are in an office or living room or bedroom is because people like them and uses them for their needs.
some of the big technology companies side-step around environmental protection laws to find cheaper ways to make their products and the thing is, no one cares!
of my freind's agree with me because they have been through this, and they would'nt wake up to go to school.
when computers weren't invented or even that advanced, people were more than happy to give one another a call.
there still time for change, so lets do something about it.
i am sure this boy doesn’t like to get hit by things thrown
exercise is necessary in lives.
i am not saying that it is an evil contraption i'm just saying, use the computer for info and work not for games and other things.
because the computer doesn't do nothing but make you lazirer ( you).
dear i think that computers are beneficial to our society for example, computers are very helpful to everybody.
it is the parent's responsibilities, you can't get away from it, and everybody has a right to do what they want.
everything is useful and everything has at least some sort of positive effect coming out or it.
i do and will always have the same opinion that is positive towards computers.
there're so many websites that have maps you can print out, such as map quest.
if i was to send a message to some of my friends in through it would take seconds.
you look at her, she looks at you, she walks away.
memories are shared thanks to the social networking ability of the computer.
libraries should not remove a book, music, movie, or magazine from the shelf just because they found it offensive.
finally, the use of a computer increas hand-eye coordination.
is this why is typing ""lessons"" in computer classes in elementary school?
the first resson that i have for computers is how they have for computers is how they have positive effect on people.
even now they have somethings where you can actually see the person you are talking to over the computer.
i have a feeling that alot more people would feel the same way.
without computers life as we know it would probably be way different.
the last reason is because you can do things in seconds on a computer that would normaly take hours.
that sounds pretty simple to me!
this is a problem because almost every great book ever wrote has at least a few parts where it is slightly offensive to that certain reader.
if you have you will remember where you visited.
dear , i understand your one trying to decide whether or not computers are bad for people.
if we did not have computers we would not learn the same.
people were already becoming lazy because of television.
internet addicts usually don't get any sleep.
we should also pray to god for a good day.
having hand and eye coordination gives a positive effect on people because your going to need it through out live.
next reasons, i can do my homework on i can write a big letter on i can do a lot of work in the computer is and easy.
some history be gruesome and completely crazy, but we should be aware of those things and not forgot about them.
most of these dogs are high in their pedigree.
we didnt have to take home so many textbooks everyday, i might not have scoliousis!""
one cause of this is addiction to computers, people just sit infront of there computers and eat and eat and eat until there over weight and unhealthy.
libraries are open to people of all age.
computers make eveything easier.
in the center, there is a carpet.
i wouldn't do it because everybody as a right to read, lisen and see whatever they want.
if you explored the computer, then you'd find it can help you with a lot more than just learning and interaction.
music also is rated, and if thought neccessary, has a parental warning label, telling the listener that this album has explicit content.
you can tell if a certain section or material is crossing the line.
this is why i agree with the effect of the computer.
children that are under the age of should not be watching movies that are rated @num1.
censoring the materials on library shelves results in very little materials left.
from riding horses to riding extraordinary fast sports cars and hwlet trains.
no, cause if that is the case evry book you read could be offense to somebody.
not everything should be hidden.
students should have the right to make choose what they want to read, yet some people want to take that right away from students.
banks, , teachers, , even cashiers.
the peacock can spread the tail like a huge fan.
if you watch tv you could picture perfect families.
i was so happy because it was no cost to me.
why you ask?
every new year the company make new computers so they can get thousands or .
why should be removed from a library?
young children can be very loud and energetic.
our school gate and the road had ankle deep water.
we didnt have computers, then you have a question, then you would have to go find a book to read in and that takes much more work.
libraires would have trouble containg what kids read, so they should exposed all the differnt topics.
i think the only real people that can remove a book for the shelves is the managers or manager if they agree with the patron.
in conclusion, i urge you to make the right desion by quitting using computers and in return will be a much happier and stronger individual.
he is a very hardworking man.
my aunt got her online about six months ago, and just because of that, got promoted at her job.
so you can see why my family does not like computers.
i think the internet is a great thing, and it puts a effect on many people.
maybe there just is no line of the definition inappropriate,especially in the world we live in today.
firstly hand-eye coordination plays a big part in our lives, many of us do sports.
the answer in the question world war .
some people not mind reading a book with a few curse words here and there, but others find outragous.
we can find information about them and tell us how is their life litte.
if you do not want your child learning about them do not let them get it.
no it does not because it actually helps us.
that is third reason why i think computers are good for people.
without computers life would be harder and boring!
we must always cooperate with him in maintaining law and order.
i you cant get if then you will be forced to get it by stealing.
there are so many ways to handle a situation like this it's just how you handle it.
you will see a small rainbow before you.
people think that all things on the internet are true, they're not, of all teens across the country are addicted to the computer.
the world knows we need computers and computers are the smartest thing since the calculator.
'and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
also if your stuck on a math problem you can use the calculator.
another example, is when your bored you can always talk to someone on the computer and have fun with it.
secondly, the computer has many more ways to benifit someone.
no one wants to be that way.
a basic computer isn't that much if your worried about the money.
in censoring we would be detroying history.by destroying history we would be detroying the brilliance that is learning.
computers can be very helpful when comes to student school work.
this is why i agree that computers do benefit society.
there are even books read in school classrooms that offend people.
he did have a computer though which he quickly retreated to so he could learn everything about her home.
another thing that students benefit from are online textbooks.
computers though, not only teaches you hand-eye cordination but it also teaches you of many wonder places.
it ranges from no censorship to complete censorship, my view be just one of many.
your already sitting anyway, so you are not doing anything helpful to yourself.
those out dated articles don't have accurate more researched information but, computers do so you can compare your information.
children are easily affected in behavior, maybe they just saw a movie of and thought he was so cool and they wanted to be just like him.
computers also help learn about other countries and the people that live there.
during peak hours there is a huge rush at the bus stops.
last example is that a serch engine can look up famous pictures.
facebook & , probably two of the most dangerous sites to be on.
this increase would help many, people with low coordination.
some ways computers are good for you are that you can get a better education when you have websites with so much information.
another important thing to remember is that computers are important is because they help you get more educated.
if you get to censor something you find offensive, then why don't i do the same thing?
when was finally free from a main goal was to have our freedom of speech.
another way is you don't own a , you could watch your favorite show on the computer.
but to some, the effect its giving on the people is negative.
this technology has resulted in very poor eyesight in the general public.
example on you find what ever street you want.
they are not happy with the way you treat them.
furthermore, with computures people can talk online with others easily.
it could only get worse.
the computers that we have are missing your life us you no it up.
i mean theres a whole lot of side effects.""
all in all, that's a huge help.
in order to avoid hearing of this one could simply chose a more ficition novel in which to escape into a fantasy of their own.
computers also benefit our society because they are like big cellphones with a huge keyboard.
computers allow you to communicate will people from anywhere in the world.
sure, i could call them, but my phone bill would be through the roof!
every year more electronics are made and most likely are portable such as , phones, , and etc.
went on her laptop and found all the information she she dit not know.
how would you feel if you wrote a story about your life, and someone found it offensive, so the took the book off of the shelves?
kids wouldn't have a future because they wouldn't know where they came from.
first, computers help to improve hand-eye coordination.
we do not enjoy our surrounding because we would rather be on th computer.
out of highschoolers say they use a book for researh less than once a month.
wouldn't you just rather spend less time on your computer?
these children act in ways that reflect what they have seen.
i hope you see what i see now.
since a library is public lots of people go in to get books.
now that computers have become an important item in many people's lives you don't hear those types things as much.
with computer you can look up available homes and apartments.
censorship be needed but the offensive materials do not need to be taken off the face of the earth or thrown where no one could ever read it again.
you can play games, voice/video chat and even read the newspaper.
dear newspaper, in our town, more people are on the computer each day.
it is not healthy for you or anyone else.
the effect that compuers have on society is good.
computers they give you and reasearch from a for distance from you.
stamps collecting is still one of the world’s most popular indoor hobbies.
that is why computers are benefitial to communication.
we would have to wait for a news paper or the news to come on .v.
this is where a computer can have aim, facebook, and even myspace help a kid impact with friends.
you have to think about the younger generations.
the internet can do all of those things.
dear newspaper, i disagree with you about computers.
today, when soneone know/wants to some first place they usually that's light the.
i can understand why some parents wouldnt want their kids on the computer doing homework.
computers are great for .
sixth grader says, ""i would rather type than write a paper.
people can't pay atttention to their families while sucked into a computer screen.
but first i want to be educated on where i go.
people have friends, and it is only human to want to keep in close contact with them.
it's not the media or literature it's the parents, and if they can't be there to explain then why did they become parents.
they build cognitive skills and offer a vast wealth of knowledge.
just because they do not like the content, does not exclude all others from enjoying it.
if you dont like something and someone eles dose why should you get what you want and not what someone eles want.
dear , i am writing this letter to inform you about my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
people interact a thousand times a day on the computers.
also if your parents found out you would be in even more trouble because then you would get grounded.
computers are essential to people all around the world.
a planet means a wanderer.
without computers we wouldn't be able to do any of those things anymore.
but we have to computer become we have to because we need.
it could be online chatting and even sharing photos.
he discovered the law of gravitation.
there is really no comparison.
also magizines helps people do things thats meant to be done.
that is why censorship should never be able to remove a piece of literature from any shelf.
also, websites like .com one one of the greatest concerns when it comes to internet safety.
going to like school libraries, for books i think it really depends on the age group.
question is , is everything that you can have access to be removed from shelves if there found offensive?
but it's also very helpful to people with disability.
most are too busy on thier computer.
lastly, i think that computers provide us with fun activities, entertainment, and a to relax.
like for instance, you're reading a book about a young girl that is going through many problems in her life.
and families are concerned about that a lot of people use this can of stuff.
some people's love to video chat like people in the army because they get the chance to see their love one's.
"", did you do your research?""
coumputors are mind browning on what they can do.
help study animals species and the habits they could home like the or the hasin in or the species call the .
kids as well as adults go into chatrooms and talk to other people, saying invalid information about themselves.
personally, my parents would be horrified to see grotesque, inappropriate movies set out in broad daylight where everyone can look at them.
they just recently got back from their honeymoon.
so make the correct choice in deciding what you want to read, and do not ruin the enjoyment for many others.
out of ten people said that they would rather email a person than talk on the phone with them.
it is not allways the case, but wouldn't you like your own child to sound intelligent while speaking during important events?
for example the books by , these books are about a girl who becomes addicted to drugs, pregant, in jail, and homeless.
computers are useful but we cannot over use it.
this happens because people are really starting to spend lots of time on computers.
computers are rumored also to be too time consuming and unhealthy for a person.
say you're an amazing singer with a beautiful voice and you want to find an agent more than anything.
the student does on a computer they might get a higher grade because looks neater and more proffestional.
it shares oppions.
to become a meson is not to easy.
the boas and pythons are the largest of them.
that is certainly not the basis on which this great country was founded!
finally - in concusion thease are all my reason's why i think computer's are not good.
the maturaty level of the reader definitely makes a difference when discussing censorship.
computers make work easier they can do things people can't like solve difficult problems, and kids like playing games on them.
and i will show you why.
no you wouldent.
my best friend's parents had been the same way with her.
i thank that is the mane reson there are more girls geting pragnit at a young age.
within seconds screen was with real and edited pictures of the flag.
soon i was one of them.
working with computers can give people extremly well hand-eye coordination.
we can all learn so much from the computer and there are so many people who their jobs on computer.
the computer dosnt replace the outdores or exercising it is just a passtime when you dont have the oppertunity to be outside.
also, in todays world, waiting is almost non-existant.
to sum it up, computers allow you to talk online to people.
and use the computer only when you need to.
another advantage is that when your on the computer you can chat with people through webcams.
secondly, computers are informational.
i agree with the fact that people have computers they become lazy and don't spend time interacting in any activities.
people on the internet can do anything they want.
so as you can see computers have a positive effect on people.
but most computer users us the computer as a tool to learn and get work done.
slavery is an offensive thing to colored people cause the colored people get called names that i will not say in this essay.
would you want to know something about?
finally, people go online to chat rooms to talk and met new people.
i believe that the library was a right to keep whatever they want on the shelves.
another cause of stress is if someone hacks your computer by uploading a virus.
less emotionn in a conversation, and cause people to be obese.
the people who support advances in technology are correct, computers open up imagination, and learning.
she refused to buy me the music and would not let me listen to it.
i firmly believe that having computers generally has a positive effect.
they are advertised on .v.
when the computer know that it benefits our society.
buy things without having to go to the store.
, the owner of 's said that the internet saved her resturant.
well in this letter i am going to give you three reasons how computers do benefit our society.
some of the advantages you get from these online sites is that you can chat with an old friend and show them a picture of you and your family.
i have the option signing onto something called or email.
another handy program provided by all computer companies is .
asks four year old .
of course i can be talking about anything, but what about computers verses family, friends, nature, your own health etc.
one important problem that children and teens face are oover the intenet are people known as ""child predators.""
and i don't blame her.
so what do you think about them?
they can help you learn, let you talk with friends, or let you keep everything in one place.
books, newspapers, and magazines are good things, and they could be bad things.
have you ever found or seen books, music, movies, or magazines in a library that are offensive to you?
it's now or never!
they could make you turn obeast because you are not getting enoff exersice.
the internet you can watch videos an almost any website you go on.
if a student prepares well, he gets good marks.
well its true.
on the other hand rather than books being taken off the shelf books would not be being put on the shelfs.
now i've never seen a bad magazine at a library before.
i personally think that reading is better sitting on the couch and watching mind numbing .v.
they called her she because, she took the blame for her father walking out of her life.
i support this because computers can let you talk to people that are faraway from you.
and maybe you should look into how much time your kids are spending on the computer.
if a school is allowed to take away one right of a group of people without punishment, then they might start taking away other rights.
i still get my exercise though, because i go out and play basketball then play on my computer.
all you have to do is log on to the internet and search "" of , "" seconds, you would have your information.
anywhere i go i want to feel like a free person and shouldn't have to worry about things that will hurt others or myself.
but i also believe that it should not be avalible for young readers to get.
you can talk whenever, wherever, with the great invention of computers.
i would most definately.
he was shocked and disgusted at the same time yet he was glad to know he finally found the answer my mom wouldnt give.
i hope you agree with me.
my mother says she is soon going to lay eggs.
just like weather people always want to know breaking news.
if you wanted one of those books you had to talk to your parent or bring a note in saying that you were allowed to read the book.
when most people hear computers, the first thing that pops into their head is ""internet"".
wether it is a adult content book to a rated r movie they have anything and they get new things every week.
itunes stores, organize, and plays music in a virtual library for permanent access.
turns out i was fine.
thats how a computers have on effect on school.
with this thought i think it will come down to either everyone complaining about a certain book in the library to no library at all.
i was addicted to it.
computers are making our lives easier day by day and who knows what they will be able to do in the future.
so in all ways, the computer is anything but bad.
my body was years old.
dear local newspaper, are big aguments about if computers are good or bad.
thank you for taking your time to read my opinion, and i hope i helped
without computers, people would be incredibly stressed, and have a hard time making life easier.
this year my brother, and my closest cousin to me, went to college.
you could feel like you were having the time or your.
books are cultural objects and our minds are molded by the books we read.
are only powerful if you let them be, and let them take control," says , an expert on the subject.
probably one of the most major things that people get offended by is politics or someones sexuallity.
the biggest use of computers is comunication.
like unless it fell from a book case and was laying on the floor.
lastly, there is the problem of people not spending enough time with their family and friends.
any time i look through the library, i come across a few books that are slightly inappropriate.
using a computer can save time and money when it comes to typing a paper.
the computer has opened more doors for our scociety, without computers, space travel for example would not be the normality it seems to be in this generation.
many people believe that some material is unsuitable.
dear , people think that computers are used too much, and are helping people become over weight, and even obese.
millions kids & adults agree.
he opens the rooms.
i hope you chose to inform others with this information.
computers aren't making people ""anti social"" or making them interact with friends less, they're actually talking more.
computers can also cause problems like spending to much time on it and not getting enough sleep for school.
she never wanted to exercise or doing anything active.
myspace is a thin that you can have freinds all around the world and can talk to them and put pics of yourself on it.
my last reason why i believe that computers play a positive role in society is that computers are what keeps businesses running.
as you can see the computer allows ud to do things that would take us far more longer to do regularly.
the more something just as important as hand eye cordination is learning!
also if your in science class and you need to make the chart you would want to use exal to make the chart or graph look more professional.
the computers is like a magical box that can be used for anything so i advice you get one.
i love computers but, i as a teen know about managing your time on the computer.
not everyone is offended by the same material.
that people think up in there heads about life.
probably angry or upset.
instead they sit and play games on a computer.
he is a which means he managed portfolios.
i go on all the time all the time.
computers are the greatest thing we've invented so far.
also, with the computer you are able to gather information at extreamly high speeds.
lastly they allow people to talk online with others.
when it comes to looking at magazines, movies, and music i still have the same opinion to a certain aspect.
but i saw in the afternoon that only my father was coming jump to home.
most teenagers in when texting don't use proper grammar or spelling.
one man on her two tennage children's computer obsession.
and it's way better than just calling them because you can actually see them.
some of them are young children who are either checking out a book themselves or are simply with there parent/guardian.
if you dont like the movies they have don't go to the library.
now, from my experience theres alot of things that people find offensive but personally, i think it would be outside of a library
there are many websites where you can get a live sattelite feed on places on every corner of the globe.
for example, if i logged onto & chat room, someone might ask for personal information such as where you live, your phone number & your name.
a computer has endless information on any topic unlike books.
it puts not very good thoughts in some peoples heads.
out of eople are over weight.
instant messaging is just like texting on your phone, except much faster.
well those are my suggestions to you.
most kids go to the and look to find books that interest them, sometimes they cross book about stuff they should'nt know about yet.
i didn't went her to leave.
you can learn quite a bit with a computer.
make some time for the people who have a special place in you heart before they disapper.
because you can learn it easier with different under standing it better so you.
and then when comes, a computer can be great not to worry about not having enough time to go and.
it is not supposed to be just one genre that only one person likes.
these type of people need to be taught how to get things done withou technology because are day it might fail.
it helps kids fit in.
i believe , that if someone want's to read something vulgur , then let them.
in conclusion i think the computer are bad because you can not get enought time exercising, enjoying nature, and spending time with family and friends.
most buissness, including the newspaper, use the internet to advertise, shop, or read.
thus they make this world a better place to live in.
people need to understand that of teens world wide are sexually active and books that help you to protect yourself and others.
if arent doing our homework we wont get a good grade.
these are reasons why i think they should be able to censor books, music, movies, and also magazines.
finally, you are able to talk with other people on-line.
also, books are used to help people out and they make people more intelligent.
kids under the age of teen usally repeat what they hear or read.
people had different ideas about the shape of the earth.
it's so much easier than telling a person that their.mom died by email them by phone.
computers are also a great way to interact with family and friends.
i tell him to pick a book and come on.
you can learn about ancient civilizations, different cultures, and different recipes for tonights dinner.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
if a child is doing a report about a country in they can go on the computer to find out facts on that country.
i if the world did not have computers we would not have cell phones or even t.v.
my cousins however, do not teach their children about .
mang kids get bulled and picked by other kids over the internet.
there are many subjects like this that everyone should be aware even if you think it doesn't effect you.
one of the good reasons about computers was that you can chat's with other people around the world.
media is one of the root causes of why people act the way they do.
culture would slowly wither and die, and our lives would become drab and essentially useless, for lack of a better term.
experts say that people should get at least minutes of exersice every day.
i do we could also send much other pictures, music and lot more.
the computer has things for every person in the world.
as you're opportunity for people to make new friend.
computers are only the start of it all!
there is a majority of people in the world who really like listening to rap or &.
i say this because people can interact with other people online, people can research useful information, and finally computers help people find jobs and make money.
in the quote by katherine paterson, i believe that she has made a strong point.
the books and things in the libraries need to be changed and not be so bad.
to me they are fun because when you are bored you can play games.
computers, without do have positive effect on society.
also you can buy league or .
they will keep skiming through the magazine, until they find that perfect article they want to read.
the very computer you love can harm you.
as she was having tea with him, the kids came crowding in.
the team says if it wasn't for the hand eye cordination game, then they would have never have won the .
what would those books be without those statements?
dear , computers are necessary and benefit our community.
nobody want's to see someone throw a fit because they have to get off the computer do they?
japan, china, and canada had also set up beautiful pavilions.
last, you .
if we hear about something wrong in our world today, we need to act.
if one author takes their book off the shelf because they don't want children reading it, then that gives all authors to do the same.
therefore, we should buy and read-only good books.
that number shows that, , over million people use these.
because computers attrack users, there are times where you don't pay attention to others around you.
of those people rather just tay at home on their computers.
honestly, careful consideration must be taken before the decision is made to ban a book or to leave it on shelves.
dear local newspaper, it has been brought to my attention that why on a nice sunny day like this somebody would want to be inside.
people think that friends and family important and should stay with them every and a while.
censorship can be wholesome without removing all media off the shelves and in the world
some people dont know how to have a face-to-face conversation, they only know how to communicate by email or .
it's called of the , and it is a right garunteed to us, as citizens, under the .
they agreed that if she were just a little older then she could of borrowed .
that's not how you should spend your life.
today's media has overflowed with adult material not suitable for kids under .
dear, newspaper i would like to tell you about computers, without them this world would fall apart.
keeping all the materials like books, music, movies, etc is a way to appeal for everyone.
would you want them to ask you questions about it so that they understand the difference between right and wrong.
wouldnt you like to be having funs with your friends playing vollyball, basketball, swimming or even going rather then sitting infront of your computer?
dear newspaper, i have heard you are creating an article on if computers are helpful or non helpful to society.
this way it would be quick and easy to find that one board game.
with magazines though, people ususally just flip threw the pages, and skim through articles.
a postman can be seen here and there delivering the mail to the addresses.
some systems howe computers in them or can be connected to the computer like the, and the .
there are people that get affended by certain words and they are still on the radio, on , in books.
and does offend most people should be set aside and putting in a different shelving area away from the others.
the internet, and overall help in future situations.
the computer can even email the pictures to any email that exsist.
people all around the world use them, from to , to to , they are being used.
my older sister went online to bok at collges without acctually traveling to the actual college states.
do you agree with me that computers can help people?
no one can experience the feel of cool lake water sliding over their skin or a hot day while emailing a friend.
also, i hang out with my friends every chance i get.
the lights in our houses glow with the help of electricity.
do you want to get fat sitting next to a metal box?
one website could be because bad peole post videos and the little children could see then and get the wrong idea.
those are my beliefs about censorship in the library
keep the children away from these materials, it will be a better world if we do.
each parent has a different style of parenting and they choose what works best for their child.
music helps people find their activity in many ways.
they simply are not a positive effect on people.
in conclusion, computers have negative effects on society because, they increase the number of people wearing glasses and losing eye sight.
some people do not get exercise anymore and it hurts to see obese people just sit ther and do nothing about there lives.
there are books and magazines you can read at anytime you want.
people get addicted to the computer.
dear , i understand that the idea of advances in technology benefiting society is a very controversal topic.
i think people spend to much time on computers, especially teenagers.
even if we do take out all the books that can be bad for our children, there will not be a lot of books left.
its quick easy and it works.
some people would be offended by a cover with a pentgram.
a child walks through a grocery store, doesn't get what they want and proceeds to drop the f-bomb.
so i hope you have been i know i would have and there is no doubt is my you will make the right choice.
and staying for too long on the computer cause prolems.
my uncle is one of those people.
last, that is why in this lifetime you need computers.
when i was young my parents didn't shelter me or keep me from reading what i wanted to read, and i turned out fine.
any question, including personal, anything, can be answered.
this is why i support the computer.
an orange tree needs a dry climate to grow and bear fruits.
i believe that things that are brought to the world for entertainment should also be able to get out of the world if people are offended by it.
no, i don't think so.
its not health.
a computer is one of the most important things in the average home.
because people hack sights all the time and change things but you can't hack a book.
some people might think that computers are a waste of time.
the mental health effects from this can be horrible, and people sadly will miss out on all the positive parts of life.
using the computer leads to cyber bulling, and dangerous people, living healthy is the way to be.
in conclusions computers have people.
it's about people that is addicted to computers.
they can take one anywhere they want to go at anytime.
my second reason why i think the effects of computers is good is because you can contact friends or family that you have not seen in a while.
for example you would not want a kindergarder to be able to check out a movie.
those four hours could be spent with their families.
i have been to the library many times, none of which have i ever seen anything offensive.
why go out with friends when you can talk to them online?
as i mentioned you can save work onto your computer, you can add without earasing as well, the work becomes neat and perfect everytime.
the more and more you ignore your family for the computer the less of a bond you'll have, the less of a life you'll have.
dear the of the , some people say that computers are a negitive contributor to society.
many people aren't exercising because their taking on facebook or playing games.
right now, they are doing a good job with censoring everything such as putting a rating on video games, and movies.
many books are an authors experience, so they are meant for high school age.
the persons health their the users well being.
the last but not least reason is kids are forming a bad eye sight.
if you have a computer or a laptop and you need to find information on something the internet is there.
i think should be a matter of choice, like choosing which outfit you want to wear in the .
i would like for you to aprreciate my concern on having computers in society.
some people should think that school should not read due to racism in the south.
but, the three ways that i have chosen to tell you about in this letter, i feel, have impacted us the most.
people should be able to choose what books they want and they shouldn't be told by others what they can and can't read.
computers are a great way to do reports, talk to friends & family, & also to research things you have needed to know.
my last reason is the .
i remember this one time when i had to write a final draft for an important essay and it was last day to do it.
computers can entertain you with games.
but for sure the computer is the best because you can research stuff and you find out more important facts.
i would hope you read and reread this letter and consider about believing that computers have a positive effect on people.
's your choice!
you can make web polls much more.
are you overwhelmed, at how life passes you so quickley?
most people in have a computer in their home.
people say that if you spend allot of time on the computer they would be able to find cure's for the deseases out there.
on your report card?
it is also a good thing because if family moves away you can still talk to them from a computer.
websites can contain information that working people need.
computers are just another material thing everyone has and seems to be benifiting from, but they aren'.
with everything that we do there is postive and negative outcomes.
with computers people have lost their judgement in top priorites.
not having computers would have a worse effect on people then with having computers.
so, in conclusing i have no more ideas for no computers and why.
thats how big of an impact has had.
a special birthday cake was ordered for me.
now a days computers are taking over books.
america is becoming obese and not getting any real useful information out of the computer.
there are sexturall preteters all over the world that like to rape kids and teenagers like us at batchelder.
these are all good reasons why computers are sucess in the economy.
although that is true, typing is very fats and neat.
firstly, students would chat their friends on the computer.
so over all i say computers are good and very useful when used in the right hands.
it is in january.
as i mentioned, computers bring about online communications.
just as children can pick up the offensive habit of swearing , so can adults if they are exposed to it for a long period of time.
i often find myself asking friends over the computer, what the homework is, or whens the next test, etc.
there's mmorpg or rpg those are two type of games i can think of computers are like kids own virtual outside world.
i'm writing to you because i heard that more and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
it is the most efficient way to talk to friends.
and for those pepole who think it is taking away family time you can always just say okay thats enough and talk to them.
sure they can mail it out but that would take forever for people to find out about it and learn about it.
when surveyed, out of buisness owners and workers would prefer a computers assistance at work.
constantly, you see swimsuit models and 'sexual appeal' in magazines everyday when you enter the grocery store or library.
how would you feel about your children reading about stuff like that?
a case take action to stop using computer .
& kids are to them.
first of all computers help me and my fellow classmates with many asisgnmenrs.
the girl asked.
i could finish my homework in minutes compared to hours!
family and friends will find it hard to talk to there loved one when they spend all there time on computers.
books are our best friends.
i do e-mail my family and friends when i don't see them, but i get excited when have get togethers.
instead of fixing to all these meetings you can simply do it over webcam.
those websites could help a lot in our education.
you might end up being lonely.
we just cannot pretend that we all live in a perfect world where everyone is polite and caring.
do you feel that some material should just not be allowed in libraries?
if you needed to contact somebody you could do it using a computer.
these offensive materials are included in this right.
what i believe is the best thing about computers, is that it is a great source to learn.
if you spend your time on the computer you would not be able to help nature.
the student would need to go through all different books to find specific information needed.
another reason is because there is some history on some websites.
with all the ways computers help us there is no reason why they would negatively affect us.
some of them are small, some are big, and some have fans on their head.
go to your computers right now & learn some things!
well that's wrong because young kids shouldn't be introduced to that kind of life stile till later in life.
most people found at that it was not the person they thought they were.
all the neighbors are fed up with this family.
then continues ,after seeing what that alone has done to her, rapes and beats her.
i love to be in the computer all day because i always enter to and talk online.
firstly it allows them to type.
one of the biggist problem that i think is when you sit on the computer to long and get a head ache and ruins your ey site.
in our society today there is always going to be something that someone disagrees with or dislikes.
mrs. can says if you show inpormation on the computer like using graphs you will increase how much you know by .
some students not have matured enough and can take something in a different view than another student.
the computer does help with the educational needs students in .
one day it was raining hard and i had nothing to do so i went on my computer and played minesweeper.
but, the people that go to church just like to listen to church music.
how does this miracle happen between two strangers and bind them in the knot of love?
a recent poll shows that of people in nursing homes who learn how to use the computer have much better brain function.
something a child sees is more commonly and easily remembered for a longer time than if an adult would see that.
and some parents is not going to let their children watch a movies, and other movie they were not to see at there ages.
when the animals cry and flee in pain in pain, the boy
the library just gives us facts about what we need to know about a person or anything like that.
like if it is really hot, or cold, is it a good experience for kids, anything you want, the computer has it.
they have many features.
in order to use computors wisely, we have to learn how to balance computor time with an active lifestyle.
all you will need to multi task like at a library you need to find a book and talk to people.
we learn much more on the computer because it has a lot of facts.
i dispise country; i go for the alternative and classical music.
let finished up.
the quality of learning would not be the same if books were censored.
another example on whether or not inappropraite material should be taken out of the shelves is how movies are put in situations.
the way you want to live your life is up to you.
just sitting infront of a screen is terrible for people's bodies.
they show kids stuff they shouldnt see or do when they get older.
i know that after a long time on the computer i have a massive headache because my eyes just hurt so bad.
with a computer you could send messages and photo's to interact with them.
and those are my ideas on the subject about if people spend to much time on the computer but not as much time with friends and family.
books that have questionable content are being thrown out.
ecspecially when it comes to what is appropriate for kids.
is a reliable website to get directions.
to find an app, find how long the is, or even just to order a pizza but technollogy has come a long way.
a paper is so much faster than writing by hand.
computer allow families to see each other online.
the computer is not a bad thing all it's doing is making life a little better step by step.
for example, they could larn about the war that going on and how people are risking their life for this cause.
they even have maps and you can print out directions.
any givein word can offend any certain person.
if those two reasons didn't convince you, maybe this one will.
as citizens of the we can not let this happen to our great nation.
they not like what they see but they think it is the truth and is very offensive to see the sexual, mental illness people have.
these are the main reasons why computers are not beneficial to the society.
also, the powerplants release pollutants into the air that can eventually cause acid rain.
something that does'ent involve a computer.
to be honest, i couldn't tell you the names of of them because... well i just can't remember them.
the ostrich is the largest of all birds.
they might be paying a bill by the computer.
obesity in is at an all time high.
without computers people could not learn new things.
i know that i would be overflowing with bliss if an aunt or uncle contacted me through '' or e-mail.
computers allow the everyday family to see new places, through photos online, and people, through the internet.
i would like to no how some of these people come up with this at.
we must stop them!"
i remember reading a persuasive essay and realizing that they used based language.
just keep a closer eye the younger audiance.
just because one person does not approve of a book does not mean that book should not be offered at the library.
i use a computer all life and i am smart, i even help mom use the comptuer sometimes.
like hitting a baseball!
the internet even encourages you to get outside and see things for yourself.
we need them!
say no to computers if you 't you will regret it.
would you want your child to have the idea in their head that they should react first before they think?
well if you don't, don't worry!
if someone found a movie that was racist the don't get it, just put it back and find something else like a romance or a comedy.
who would not want to learn hand-eye coordination?
for example, instead of a ton of papers you could simple just save it in your computer.
the government is taking out certain words in this story because they are seen as offensive.
first off, the business software on new computers are out of this world.
we need to keep our children safe and off of the computers more so sexting, and young children stay off, so kidnapping stops.
this is not because we want it there, but because these things are a part of life.
don't let anybody tell you different of your own opinion.
it is okay to be on a computer for twenty minutes, to a half an hour.
people who be on the computers don't spend time with there family dont know whats going on around them.
lastly, computers supply kids with things to do while they can't go out side to enjoy nature.
is a website that allows you to speak to, or send pictures to others.
you should have to be a certain age to check out or buy a movie or anything that has vulger language.
another one would be that you could learn about another states and countries around the world.
it think computers have posotive effects on people.
i also managed to get all the information just from my computer.
i know that i would try to contact them on the computer.
do you feel that computers effect you in a possitive way?
there are alot of different topics you can learn.
thought would be nice to welcome her in his house with a familiar setting.
i dont seeing friends as.
my dad has a facebook too, he talks to people he hesn't seen since he moved heve from the white mountains.
i hope you enjoyed this letter and take it into consideration.
i use the computers to better understand it.
but in general i think it's helpful.
now it's time to tells you why they should get pulled off the shelf of that local library in your neiborhood.
lastly, computers are a great way to communate with distant firends and family.
what about family?
they leave their families back home and work hard for protecting the borders.
they make sense.
just by taking offensive stuff of the shelves doesn't mean your kids won't fine them some where else.
before computers, so many things we do now would seem impossible.
they are great ways to help learning.
computers also are useful for teaching.
children are getting bad ideas from books, movies, magazines, and music.
that's my way of thinking about the computers helping us in our education.
i could be sitting in a chair at my home in , and be having a conversation with someone across the country, or maybe even across the ocean!
in conclusion i think computers have not benefited society.
this is not what the author wants.
on the computer you have e-mail, , , and many more.
machines, but programed with computer chips.
computers help us do that.
good health is the greatest blessing of god.
witch leads us to are next problem slowness, when a computer becomes slow is verry a digital.
these subjects include sex, racisim, porn, polotics, and other material like the ones listed.
it gives us joy in our spare time.
dear town of southing ton, computers our town are very important for instance.
a definite and timely action at that moment is very important.
if you are one of those people that love to be on the computer as much as you can?
i support it because people can talk to their family that they can't get to see.
also, computers make life a whole lot easier.
but it good for there health.
you have the info you need!
that's another up-put about computers.
also, in my opinion, if you find it offensive, you dont have to look at it or read it or listen to it.
i would read all of them this year.
oh, great another hour day of school.
movies should stay in a movie store of at the movie theater.
i have to disagree with the supporters of technology.
public schools have libraries in them also, and i would not want a child reading a or book with bad or offensive things in it.
same with of .
it takes away certain literature that people might like reading.
the younge adult and or teen books and magizenes should be in a section by its self.
i wouldn't want them thinking about doing anything bad like they saw in the magazine.
dear newspaper, i think that computers have a good effect on peoples' lives.
i have chosen this ambition with confidence and after a lot of thinking.
like one time i was working on a project, a pop-up came up and read trafic rush free to your computer.
having a good, positive social environment is benificial to you and your friend.
this helps people stay connected.
first, computers teach good hand-eye coordination.
you can listen to it legally and free on youtube.com playlist.com and many more websites.
stoping readers from being able to express their mind.
you wouldnt because the whole time you would be stuck sitting down at the desktop.
another benefit computers bring to society is acess to dailt uses, the internet provids that can tell you your local weather.
for instance my little brother plays baseball & my parents signed him up online.
our future leaders are already glued to the games, email and instant messaging of the net.
what does the parent do when that child brings that book home?
taking that away is very serious.
if 'offensive material' is given time, it will become unoffensive in the years to come.
how will we handle a major natural disaster?
it brings us together when choose and pick which movie to rent.
being exposed to these computers are helpful.
we also saw monkeys, chimpanzees, and apes.
by the press of the button, all doors unlocked, by a swith the windows go down, yes, by computer.
people use offensive things all the time but not everyone means to insult anyone in any way.
my friend is intelligent, but he is not proud.
my whole point of explaining this is that its the peoples choice they would like to be on all the time.
they treat them because they believe that
and last but not least computers take away from peoples family life and cause them to split up and become unhappy.
if you want to chat with your friend go to a place out.
you can ask people question.
it's illogical to think that just removing materials from libraries would prevent different groups of people from being offended by the media.
you have to think to yourself that there are other people that enjoy or are interested in something you might find offensive.
with email, the message will be sent quickly and free.
i disagree with the ones who feel the item should be removed because to someone that book might be perfect.
our youth today is very influenced by the music we listen to the books we read and the television we watch.
in conclusion social abilities are up with computers.
lastly, computers can expand one's knowledge.
computers are not negative and they dont take away what you should do in life.
there are people that think there kids seeing bad things will make them want to do it.
i think that a library should be a nice quiet welcoming.
that way, if you forgot your home work was you have a place to check.
i believe that children are the easiest people to influence.
today the 's of is a famous and classic book.
the problem is that kids are not getting enough of the exercise they need.
there are so many types of genres of music, that it would be hard to find a person in this world that liked every type of music.
after a study they proved that talking on a phone is cheaper then using the computer.
my mother gave prizes to the winners.
dear local newspaper, too much technology!
we need water for our daily activities like bathing, cooking, washing, etc.
movies i like are all five of the movies, , the and my all time favorite and the new karoti kid.
movies, books, magazines, newspapers, music, and much more flash and sell more than they should.
getting information has never been so easy.
the games keep me company.
as you can see, webcamming is so much easier than spending more time money, and my moms time and getting a ride over her house.
computers are very helpful in todays world.
first reason why i think computers have a negative impact is because you can become addicted to always having to be on the computer.
well on the computer you can!
thank you very much.
they provide infinite knowledge, entertainment, and dispite what the opposing side says, allow social interactions for those who don' like to meet face to face.
erasing things from lives,have done no good before.
i could hear the strong icy wind blowing outside.
next, i would like to talk about some of the inapropriate magazines that some libraries feature.
the invention of , and instant messaging was never meant to be a bad thing, but it sure did turn into one.
he drove all the way to to get it.
limit your time to a half hour a day.
is an old family friend of mine.
it is very hard to keep up!
i also belive that all books, music, movies, magazines, and everything else has a pupose to it.
to sum up the full idea of this position; every person should be given the choice to read what he or she desires.
every school has a computer.
this section could be as simple a separate shelf, or could go to the extreme of a separate room or area closed in by a curtain.
but the people that work on computers all day is a different thing.
censorship in libraries is ultimately pointless and shouldn't even be considered.
i believe censorship is wrong.
when mothers and fathers are oh it they don't pay attention to these young ones and they are always on it.
with the skills of typing you can work at places like the city of where they type every day and work hard.
thats funny, because keeps family in touch, gives people things to do, and keeps friends in different states on the same server.
teens will home that night and want to re-enact what they saw in the .
can you imagan this world when only knows bad this woman is hurting.
also because the obesity percentage rate is advancing up really high.
first of all there are people with brain problems because they are on the computer to much.
the increase in population is due to the fall in death rate.
but instead they play a virtual game where you shoot squirrels with a paint ball gun.
of people say they would love to look at beautiful places in the world.
with this program you will never forget where you have to go.
might takes some month to learn, but once a child knows , they will be outside for hours.
computer technologist saids, "" percent of the computers websites are educational.
however, if you have an essay that's, let's say, supposed to be ten pages who wants to write all that?
he is of my age.
you can learn a lot about a person from talking to the face to face, a thing that can't be done on a phone.
there were so many inappropriate titles, cover-arts, and even names of bands.
teenagers as well as adults need to communicate through computers.
peon is a very important person in a school.
there could be a few books that have some aweful material in it.
lets say i was in the library and i did see something offensive.
an obvious example would be illegal drugs; the drug market is extremely successful, but it's illegal.
it only takes one time to become pregnant or become addicted to drugs.
by doing this we can learn what life is like for them.
families are becoming less and less connected with each other, who's to blame.
although computers are all around us they do not have a possitive effect on people because, harmful people could findout where you live and they are too addicting.
when they came up with one the company was mad that they mad a better one.
so now i hope you agree with my opinion and support the use of computer's.
removing the offensive items from library shelves will only cause the people searching for these items to look elsewhere.
i believe that computers benefit the society in many different ways.
all the body parts and organs work in coordination with each other.
some of you might think computers have misleading information.
i really do not get why you should complain about these things.
they can do work over the computer look at houses, cars and lots of other important things.
the earth is a member of the solar system.
also, a teacher at task a poll asking how many students did projects having to do with foreign countries and of them they did.
just because you do not like something does not mean someone else also can not like it.
in some cases it makes a person better at wat their doing to be offened.
you can look for coltures in your computer what you want to learn.
first of all, we are making great strides with cancer research to day, than estatic common computer.
one positive effect it has on people is that they can communicate.
they are and con't find same thing to they for the .
''s this one about?'
to prove to someone that you are of age to have access to offensive material you should have to show some sort of identification proving it.
those who support advances in technology belive that computer have a positive effect on people.
rafters and timber from my trunk.
to begin with, computers can be a issue for people.
everything is good if it's balanced.
who spends the most on unhealthy food?
this is why i find as such a neccessity.
to get a feast of colours we should go to a well kept park.
books on the subject would provide help for those going throughout life with suicidal thoughts.
dear , in your newspaper, i read an article that sparked my interest.
get off the computer and spend some qulity time with your family!
however, people say that computers give the wrong information many times, but if you find a wonderful website, it will never lie to you.
there will soon come a time where expression at all will be censored.
using a mouse is also a good to improve by moving the digital mouse with the one in your hand.
another great source of entertainment are video games.
the internet can be a very good source for students.
these are my reason why i truly belive that people should be online atleast twice a week.
i am not saying computers dont have their downs, but, computers also have their ups.
perhaps some day your child will get a job working in on office where they must use computers all day long.
people live around offensivness every day on the street and in public places so censoring it in libraries would not protect anyone.
kids in school use computers in school all the time for projects and experiments and they learn new stuff about people and things in the world.
i know that a lot of people like to be outside when its a nice sunny day.
there are many out there who take great interest in learning other languages.
he fails the test, fails the grade, drops out of school, and works ot a his entire life.
thats true are they going to take away cars and phones as well.
isn't that why people are wanting classic books, such as ' 's ' and 'the of ,' changed?
then what will our future generation be like.
which i mostly learned that from the state tractor pulling club.
with a simple click people are connected no matter how far apart they are.
overall putting restrictions on the things we read or see, to our country, would have to be moraly wrong.
they make it seem cool.
some people loves books, and will open any book just to read or look at the pictures.
you never know if the users are looking up vacation trips for both friends and familys.
some kids just put them to the side and forget to do them because they're budy playing game or surfing the web.
my class teacher distributed sweets among the children and teachers.
thank you for reading my letter, which i'm sure has persuaded you to think that computers are a good thing.
for example at dinner, you can get a great recipe off the internet.
however, i believe that from this quote even she agrees we in fear what our children read.
i'm really sick and my head really hurts at this moment while having to write this paper, so please take easy on me.
he also puts on a strange-looking cap.
the computer is the best thing ever that happend to this world you can chat with your friends family, print writing play games.
but i'm writing you today to tell you about how great computers really are.
we hardly ever see kids with friends and family hanging around"".
does it make is right for children to see and want all they want to?
get out of the gloomy house and go out to see my friends.
if one wants to see these type of resources, then he/she must be mature enough to withstand it.
i have heard some parents claim that they didn't know what the material was like, but that is why they made warnings.
they help adults stay in contact with their friends.
plus, husbands and wives could not talk very often, often leading in separation or devorce.
i say we spread the good word about computers and let every one know how awesome they are.
remember the words of shakespeare.
some people obeuse the compeuter as a dug like they're addictied to it.
you would be stuck on your computer mindlessly typeing a way on a computer game that doesnt help you anywere in life.
another reason why handwriting is more convienet is you are capable of doing writing during school year with my teacher i had to write a prompt.
using the computer is good to do or not using the computer helps people be able to interact wild people that so easy to talk to.
the business side should be more then enough, for me to convince you.
some people say that computers have negative effects, but that is not true.
say your just a young kid and you're always located to see but you can never go there.
he would play all different kinds of sports with his neighbor.
buying tickets isn't the only thing you can do on the internet you can buy stuff to.
there can be computers that talk bark to you like a real conversation.
everyone has a different oppinion about everything, including what's offensive and what's not.
individualaity is when one person has differnt traits of feelings than another human being.
in the grocery shops people can buy grains, rice lentils and spices.
they will also provide information, and give people the ability to research and learn more about a topic or idea.
some people need to use 'well this book bugs me'.
come down and talk to your grand parents.""
so are you going to do about it?
young teenagers and children all enter a chat room online.
this is anothe reason why i think computers are a good thing.
obviously, we must stop relying on technology to help, and begin activities ourselves again.
every week, the vet comes to the farm for their checkup.
sometimes what children read, they will say it or they will do it.
overell, computers are for researching but aren't reliable in safety and cause obesity nad family aruements.
the reason why i think it is good is because you can contact someone that you know and talk to them whenever you want.
also kids get distracted in school because all they think or care about is going home and going on the computer.
this shows why computers are bad.
furthermore, vacations.com says that computers are the # cause of people traveling, because they see pictures and articles about places.
these are just three ways htat computers have had a positive effect on people.
we all know that there are books out there are parents hope we never get a hold of.
others spend it shopping or learning.
my opinion is that i do think computers benift the society because it mainly helps you brain storm & you get to know websites & learn about them.
computers help us communicate in many ways.
or, you can just use the handy calculator found right on your desktop.
where would we be without computers?
for example, education has vastly expanded since the computer.
like spending less time with your family, getting addicted, and unhealthy.
there's tons of games to play.
i have cousins who live in .
as time goes on, our society becomes more advanced with more and more unnecessary technology, such as the television.
you will finally be able to look up a place you want to go.
the most important use for computers is learning.
eventually, though, kids are going to be faced with those things.
it was a beautiful scene.
we could use a rating just like movies do.
censorship in libraries i think that censorship in a library is fine some people feel that children don't need to see certain things.
people in library fight over a sigle book.
your company can definetly agree that without typing documents life would be a mess.
lastly, it could be bad to get though life without your friends and family.
this includes the earthquake.
when one article gets censored another artical after that gets censored and soon most material will be 'offensive' and 'unorthodox.'
staring at that inch little screen can damage your eye-site.
mr, his computer every single movning in homeroom.
you want people to be over weight?
online chat especially has an effect on most people because were trading in a fun day for one where we just talk online and back internet.
they have already written their ideas, but if nobody reads their work then there is no way that they'll be heard.
this is because now alot of people go on facebook and you can make friends and chat with your new ones.
if our society cannot even handle freedom of expression through art, how can it handle any other type?
i believe spending too much time on the computer is bad for everyone.
if we do not then usage will increase, there will be no chat problems and peoples money will get stolen.
they will experience these things one day, and they need to be mature enough to understand them.
there would be no reason to break these sectiopns up more then they already are broken.
it can't be right to just get rid of those things because they bother us.
now i agree that computers can be useful man made sorce.
yes computers give people jobs but there is no need to post pictures or messages that will hurt peoples feelings.
this is a .
also, they can keep people in touch with buisness workers, friend, students, family, ect.
they can relate to all different kinds of people.
there are so many social things to do on the computer and those are just some.
one of them jumped into the pool.
people don't care for nature and destroy it.
are students in grade with a grade reading level.
if you were going on a vacation to somewhere in you could learn about what those people do.
your with your family your supposed to spend time with them.
should there be censorship in libraries?
but it is true the opposite way as well.
they allow one's self to dive deep into thought, to make observations, and to form opinions.
youre on the computer you forget about homework, grades drastically making you go to summer school, or even repeating a grade.
if a library takes certain books off of their shelves, then they could be taking away a type of literature that people are interested in.
the library is a place for study.
a family member of mine is a photographer and he looks at nude magazines and movies to help him with his career.
a lot of normal societys familys have been on vacation before.
there is an abundance of media that contains no explicit content or sexual material and we are given warnings as to what contains and does not contain this material.
if all the books that were offencive to someone where takin off the shelf, there would be no more books left.
they help people learn about places all over the world and about anything you want to learn about.
at this point in time, we could even take online college courses!
he stays back after the school gets over and leaves after locking up all the rooms.
and lastly, more teens want do homework and wont succeed.
freedom of speech and expression are still not being excluded from that group who does not agree with such material.
i saw this i was suprised to see what was happening.
some people state that you can do a lot on the computer and talk to people.
there is a certain extant for movies, and magazines.
sports are also a good way to get outside.
also, being on all of these websites and more try to give you things.
in my opinion, these types of materials should stay on the shelves.
he tactfully makes his student realize his mistake.
looking for an adventure of your own, you drift down each section searching for the one suitable to your liking.
all are solved in todays email and instant messiging (), are relible, cant be stolen, and can go across the globe in seconds.
if everyone could take a certain movie or book off of the shelf there wouldn't be any left in my opinion.
from quotes, ""i always use computers for my work because it helps me learn about many new things.
the point is that when kids see someone they look up to doing a certain thing, it has a great impact.
they help students do there school work.
because some of our friends and family have either did or attempted suicide, and without knowing about it how can it be prevented.
thirdly, computers have a positive effect on people because they give aduts and kids tree access to education.
first, i believe that computers are good for you because it can let you communicate with your long-lost relatives you hardly see anymore.
i hope i got my point across that they are bad.
my next reason is that you can research anything you want like people, places or things and all refferances will come up.
at my local library, their is a section that has the more offensive or obscene books all in one place.
getting onto a computer and looking up the pic is fast and simple and gives better results than books.
i know that say that computers help in hand-eye coordination, however, is it really worth more than someones healthy body?
if you write a paper by hand, there is a huge chance that some words could be spelt wrong.
if a person finds something offensive they should take it up with the author or publishers not the library for they only let people borrow the conten
there are many beautiful flowers in our garden.
a hard question to answer.
the way you feel about it should not affect the way other people feel see it
he had to attend many periods.
authers usally vary their vocabulay in the stories that they write.
throughout the year, use billions of sheets of paper to write letters.
i do in deed believe that certain material should not be in public libraries, or places where young people can see it.
its just a way of life.
what do you do?
dear trained readers, 't you agree that more and more people use computers.
whether your at your house, or on the go with your laptop, you can talk to people all over the world.
some people might not agree with me.
as small children, we should always obey elders and also respect each other.
of kids like to read.
is playing that online game so important, to you that its worth your life?
the effects are positive, because your brain is challenged, and your boredom has vanished.
in conclusion, those were the reasons why i think computers has a positive effect on people.
i would say this isn't completely true because before even talking to anyone.
people also don't know that they are not the worst on the market today.
but english as it is not literary.
so knowing how to use a computer is vital to keep up with the .
from my own observations i do not beleive that any materials should be removed from libraries.
today, libraries have sections dedicated to different genres of materials.
no matter who you are or what you believe, there will be some topics that you find offensive.
next my reason is if you stay on too long you miss out on life.
whether you use facebook, , etc., communicating with family or friends is fantastic.
this concluds that you can learn things on the computers.
otherwise, a demolished love of reading, crushed individuality, and separated population be born.
people that don't have a computer have no jb.
they have awesome websites like skype and oovo that allows you to chat with other people over.
well, according to over billion people use a computer worldwide.
when you're on the computer you're just sitting there staring at a screen with pictures and words on it.
it would be so sad for someone to just pass through life being stuck on your computer screen.
most people will turn to one of the most commonly used piece of technology in the , the computer.
if your always happy on the computer.
one reason i think it benfits society because how in this lifetime you need to know what is going on in the world.
so basic computer skills are important for people to have for new jobs and common ones you see everyday.
every since i was, ten years old i dreamed of going to .
family and friends and even mental health.
i believe censorship should be used for some offensive materials.
censorship is a big conflict in many libraries.
computer affect us in a negative way that can change the course of our life.
back then before computers if you wanted to talk to your friend you would have had to send a letter.
when we reached the airport we got on to a tour bus.
nothing can be brought to a conclusion without punctuality.
he/she starts explaing themself by saying 'the websites i went to were blocked.
maintenance of law is his duty.
i also think that no one person should have the right to decide what books are too offensive for me to read.
after-school activities for a while.
people should be outside getting fresh air instead of being inside on the computer all day.
not only isit great for bands but it is great for college students.
you can , you can go on chat rooms.
more and more people use computer, but not everyone agrees that this benefits soceiety i srong disagree.
everyone remembers sometime when someone said something offensive to them.
we need to be careful about what is available to us and to the rest of the world.
on computers towns can put up webpages with pictures, information or even ways to help you plan a vacation.
our national parks 's have been decreasing in their numbers of customers at a fast rate.
but most importantly, it is very unhealthy.
the computers help us in ways like learning communication, and work, knowing that this technology can help us suesede is great.
you would know what its like to be in war.
that's mostly one main reasons kids use computers alot.
why would you choose the computer?
the result of this, you ask?
you could down load books andd read them on there.
there just a lot of thing you can do on a computer.
we should teach our children that life is better explored through 's '' or through the wonderful adventures of 'the of '.
i share everything with my friends and family and try to spend as much time with them as possible.
now, if they are not removed this is what can happen.
it also might change who you are as a person.
hand eye coordination is an important and this skill is further developed by the use of computers.
it is quick.
according to the govermant of spend hours or more on a computer a day.
i know my dad always gets headaches and his vision isn't the best thing when it comes to him working on a computer all day.
the computer in my thought helps you learn about new technology stuff such as new games to help you learn or new websites.
also, is another website that helps us study for vocab.
it is very important for children to learn and understand the things that are going on in the world they live in reguardless if they are good or bad.
they learn from us and our generation.
if libraries wanted to censor what they put out not everyone would get to read, listen, and watch what they wanted.
computers bring you to people globally, but distance you from people at your job, school or home.
you how have to click alot of places to get there.
computers is one of mans greatest accomplishments.
he can't stop playing them, and i dont mind at all.
that is one less hour of exercise.
computers help you talk to family that you don't see, helps you learn about new countries, and meet new people.
about of the kids at our school wear glasses because of using the computer for to long.
if it is a public library then the visitors should have the right to choose what books go on the shelf.
i believe if a child comes home with a book, movies, etc.
but there are so many benefits of a computer.
by simply having their age on their library card, there would be a lot of misunderstandings taken care of.
in conclusion, computers effect people because they are time consuming, you can't rely on then and it's bad for your health.
they chat with friends or maybe even boyfriends.
i'll show you.
computes make you spend less time exercising, keeps you from enjoying nature and lastly interacting with family and friends.
too many books and movies are showing that relying on violence is a good thing.
my veiw on censorship in the libraries would not be needed.
also they have to pay and odd dollars on the bill to keep the connection.
one day i want to fly a big airplane.
a collassal piece of this use the computer daily.
finally, computer allow one to talk online.
so this is why i think this is bad for the societys benefits.
if your a batter your racation to the pitch will also increase by over !
secondly, computers are important because they give people the ability to learn about and discover people & places that are new to them.
another good thing is that you have the capibility to talk to people such as friends and family.
make sure that they know the difference between good and bad, right and wrong.
other items such as music, movies, or magazines also should not be censored, though some of them are already.
in this economy i don't think we need more layoffs.
the computer would alert the doctors.
in all these ways, computers help people everywhere and.
or just for fun you can play mind game with other people.
well i think so because people don't think before choping down trees.
i can back that up as well.
somewhere on the computer, is easy to just send him a message that say how i'm doing.
schools like mine have over a hundred computers but they are only used for education.
does that make them wrong?
many people complain about small things like that when the reading material could be a lot worse than it is.
after the second page, my hands hurt very badly, , not only was i completing my essay, i was also exercising my hands.
all of this stuff teaches you how people are different and no one person is the same.
they are harmless and can be seen everywhere.
then her other child comes provide, and she wants to find a health snork.
i will explain these reasons below but before i begin i would like to add that most people want to censor things that they fear.
in opinion, they make our town worse.
i sat quietly next to him.
my computer helps me.
you can have a video family.
in conclusion, computers help our society in a lot of ways.
he rings the bell in time.
i remember one time when i was in the middle of writing a report online.
this is what's wrong with today's society.
well, to me it does benefit society in many ways like, learning online.
the communists censored everything inside the .
everyone has there own veiws on books wether they like it or dislike it.
during school i type up my essay.
on the computer you can chat and talk with people without having to be on the phone and paying a bill for it.
, i want you to tell the whole world that computers are useful and people use them everyday without a problem.
so please, change your mind.
dear local newspaper, i think that using a computer can benifit people and have a negative on people.
it has forty classrooms.
some people should just know better and take it .
libraries or any place else.
finally, because of an over-expanding job market, use of computers is becoming a common requirement of many professions.
dear local newspaper, do you feel about the advantages and disadvantages of owning a computer?
now, that you know how had the computers affect people you can understand why i'm computers.
everyone enjoys a differnet kind of book, leaving options open gives everyone the chance to find a book they like.
person in or , most of the games are safe and fun to play.
you can play games with people from around the world.
throughout the computer, there is many ways to communicate with others, which is an amazing thing.
thier not all that bad.
dear , the use of computers does not benefit our society.
you don't stay fit with them, you aren't very social, and you don't really spend time with your family.
dear local newspaper, i am writing to you today about how more and more people are using computers.
dear , oppinon about computers are that people should use them.
it is the parents' job to regulate the readings of their children ,but they do not need to regulate the contents of the bookshelf
this however doesn't restrict the public, but offers parents the right to censor what information their children are able to get ahold of.
it isn't bad to own a computer because you can still excersise and be able to do the things you do everyday.
i don't understand why is some embarrassing to be with your family.
on a rainy day the computer can be a great alternative.
what do you want your child being exposed to?
hang with friends, any many shore.
were you ever wondering about something and the answer was on the tip of your tongue but you just cant think of it?
fresh air is good for you, you.
while a simple machine not tell us the cure through its proccesing speed.
if you think about it though if you get offended then don't read or listen or watch it.
you could write an e-mail or talk to them in a chat.
some good for kids and teenagers and some inappropriate.
at school we use computers all the time.
it goes the other way, too: one person thinks is good, another think is bad.
after those three weeks, my dad's boss told him that he could work from home... if he had a computer.
these are the important reasons i do not surrport censory.
with unforgiving acks like child porn.
you want to live a long healthy life you need to get up from the computer and exercise. "
adults can use the computer to look up a certain food resipe.
finally when you go on your computer you can go online and talk with your family and friends.
who wants to sit and read about other stuff that is just down right boring?
i myself love to use the computer, but i make sure to get off after about an hour.
computers are uneeded because people spend way to much time on them, then we begin lack exercise, and they become hazardous to everyone.
the reason is that benefits society.
the lives had found that using the computer to learn about far away places than using multiple , some can use why books are to use, omputers are.
of pertain to you, a legitamite website house your and all you need to do is search.
i'm half and i do not like people saying things like that.
that is also causing childhood obesity.
children need encorigment to get moviing or they will never start, and they will get bigger.
by tossing out certain literary works this right will be thrown to the side and by violating one constitutional right, what will come next?
they both love me a lot.
once again i do believe computers can have a positive effect on people.
communication is not as easy to do by phone anymore because people are always busy and on the computer.
this website does work sheets and helps with the level the child is on.
literature is an escape for many people, it is their way of experiencing the world and to live through the main character of whatever they are reading.
computers and the were a technological break through.
but even with both statement being true; i do not think computers efefcet on people.
about ninety percent of the workers use the computer to do their jobs.
another reason computers not benefit society is because of the dangers of them.
and without a computer all that would be very challenging.
other people just be entertained by certain peices of liturature, or music.
so you are probably wondering why they are even on the shelves, right?
the second master loved pets.
is personal expression really that bad?
the charges are not very high.
it's sometimes hard to read about, but you should be aware of what happened in the past no matter how depressing it is.
then if you have no exersize then you will get bigger and bigger.
tons of students in have projects everyday and they got to be on the computer to look up their information.
we hated it when they had book burnings and destroyed the custums, art, and music that the government felt was wrong for their people.
it was time for school.
dear local newspaper, i'm writeing to you today to show how i feel on how computers have an effect on people.
from experince, yes there are things at a library that children or younger teenagers should not read, hear, or see.
but, for teenagers now in certain places they have it hard.
censorship in libraries rids people of their freedom to choose.
forgot to write down your homework?
if i could, there would be things i would censor, but not in books.
also using computer helps you talk to people you know that maybe you haven't talk to in a while and you don't know their number.
please , we need to help the people by writing an article in the paper to warn them of the terrible effects computers have.
one reason is the you could talk online with people.
they also have emails where they chat with other people.
but most likely chances are that your message wil reach its destination.
another thing is that you can connect and play with your friends in your home town.
i am saying this because that will helps us with all the work we do for school.
people disagree with what i'm saying often use the excuse that when people spend to much time on the computers they aren't getting enough exercise.
internet helps people make the world a safer place.
didi you know that more and more of the environment is disappering each day?
do you remember the last time your mom or dad went on a business trip and you couldn't talk to the because they were busy?
dear, , name is and i am a students in middle school.
so as i said before, part of society and should be.
i know people who are addicted on because, they get addicted to talking to people, and looking at other people.
there are over ten billion articals about famouse people in history.
one reason i support computers is because they help with writing.
censorship is wrong, our government has no business in what we choose to explore and no one should be restricted by the views of another.
but are they are bad for individuals to use as people say they are.
some people enjoy reading or watching things that are offensive.
if i have to write a science report, then i can go on the internet and collect research.
instead of being on the computer learning hand eye.
it comes to my attention that computers have over time.
from what i have learned in computer class, they can be used for more innapropriate things than i ever even knew of!
computers present job opportunities, educational opportunities, and a way to communicate with others!
for people who have relatives or even good friends who live quite a distance, a computer is what you .
i hope you can see my point to this and please send me a response as soon as possible.
students achieve their goal of education and discipline in a hostel.
it is a crowded part of the city.
because i can use high leveled spells.
did you know that their are many sites that tell you where people you went to highschool with are?
so should these materials that open up doors to new minds sets, and feelings such as books, music, magazines, and movies be censored?
thank you for listening.
book censorship and censorship in gernal, is not a good thing; all it does is limit things.
in my opinion i think computers have a positive effect on people.
meeting can be done through or a different webchat service.
reading these books, and listening to this kind of music, and watching these kinds of movies, takes a whole different point of view.
how do i know all of this you ask?
along with all that though it gives love an copy.
in every book you pick up today, you could look through it and find a offensive language or offensive gestures in it.
so, rather than studying for their tests, they could be on or .
this really cannot be helped.
these children have no computers, and therefore their teacher will have to take the time to try and comprehend the illegibal students' handwriting.
a computer can not get between you dailey schedule or whay u do with your family.
if you think that books are that offensive, try walking down the hallways.
he plays games the time.
i don't mean height.
now im not saying that computer but what am saying is that it effects everyone around you, just the person thats using it.
that has yet to become the problem.
censorship is used in the media to prevent people from being offended by what they see or hear.
if all of the offensive books got removed from the shelves at libraries then nobody could be getting there work done.
another reason is that the computers teaches hand-eye coordinbation.
this is very helpful to somebody who is injured or is trying to get another degree to get a better job.
be goes on to say, ""many links have been theorized to this on going problem, but none seem to up as well as my theory.
my last reasong is about how teenagers cants be without the computer.
they would not make it in the world of today.
people have invented facebook and myspace.
those things aren't that important.
by doing this you'll find a lot of info on .
that way friendships are never really lost.
well i because it gives us the information we want to see.
secondly, people are not going on hikes or trips to see the beauties of nature.
compaines almost relys on technology you can't just send a letter and have at the office in five minutes.
one day someone came over and they started talking outside.
for example, instead of sitting infront of the computer, kids, and even adults can enjoy going to the gym.
my opinion is my opinion but i will stand strong with what i have.
internet videos of people acting like idiots never go away.
for example, in order to play xbox live you need a computer with .
this is because they teach hand-eye coordination, give them knowlege about cultures around the world, and allow people to communicate with one another.
we want to see whether the person knockin is the postman.
well i hope you enjoy my essay about the computer world.
that is why we should have computers and use more.
hand-eye coordination is a skill needed from birth to death, and should be encouraged as uch as possible.
dear local newspaper, the years computers has been a great invention.
dear newspaper, "" a computer ?""
the last but probably the most important part is getting ahold of.
"", please friend request me"", i replied.
you're fully prepared for your vacation now because of your computer.
when you're on the computer, time really flies by.
my first reason why they are good is because you ran talk to others.
if we do this then all the problems will be solved.
bulls and elephant like my leaves very
they also have , facebook.
wow wasn''t that easy?
i have a year old brother that stays on the computer from the time he gets til the time he goes to sleep.
computers were built to help the people make tasks easier and quicker.
there are three bedrooms.
is a new thing that has recently hit the .
that's why people should use the computers.
also, they have enable us to create a age in research.
have you ever looked out the window and saw how beautiful nature is?
using a computer and learning in school basically can teach you the same thing.
if you are doing your homework and you forgot an answer.
my second reason why i think benifits our society is the business or job part of the computer.
i watched it and about halfway through it i saw my face!
i still don't think you should have to remove something just because someone esle don't like it
bead all the about computers and you will think but like me.
yeah, i mean there's a certain point at which you got to take charge, but even then you can have an adolescent room or what not.
also many people that have websites like facebook, myspace etc... can find new people and have so many things in common.
also when kids play computer games it more fun to them then sitting in class all day like my litt
these day if not then of house designers use computers.
most teacher prefer the essay typed and not written.
if the library chooses to keep books in it that are only appropriate for certain ages groups, various problems can occur.
any source of literature is someone's own creation of imaginiation, taken in whatever direction they so choose for be to be taken.
we won't be able to hang out with friends and family.
lets say that you have basketball practice at :00pm.
the computer makes life a little easier and its fun too, and would be a handy tool for writing a newspaper.
in addition to neglecting the parent's responsibilities, it would be a gigantic blow to the media economically.
the effect of the story strikes our thoughts so forcefully but nowhere the characters overplay their emotions.
did you know that out of homes have at least computer in their home?
it has books on all subjects.
thats just not fair to others when they are trying to get some information.
you are going on vacation, you can easily research your destination's location and culture with this advanced search engine.
this is why i believc we shouldn't take books, magazines, movies, etc.
for one thing, people being so hypnotized in this electronical device are finding lesser time to excercise and take care of themselves.
so i believe that no books should be removed from library's.
because we task a test of all the kids who have facebook, and that's what around all of them said.
if i miss something on , it is almost definitely going to be on the computer.
i recently visited and in a rest every where the even had their laptop that they had to take everywhere with them.
some materials are and should continue to be censored, but to an extent.
society needs computers in order to look up crucial information.
reading is very powerful, especially if you're reading from a good source.
people use books to forget their troubles and take a trip to somewhere outside of themselves.
the organisers have given their love to those homeless children.
we don't like to do work if we don't have to.
all the machines that we have to use and had to run by hand now run by computers.
also what if the movie sells out or is canceld, don't worry with the internet you can reschedele and buy tickets online.
no one makes those people read those books, its by their choice.
the world is very vast and every part of it has a different climate.
the internet has a much broader range of articles, so it is much easier to find information for any topic.
i belive that children, when they are faced with delimia's like these, should know right from wrong with the trouble they are faceing.
'should libraries censor reading material's to students at school.
i believe computers are very useful to everyone.
there are many people that now have the ability to get a online education because of problem that they have.
you can look up stuff on the for your homework and other stuff.
it hinders expression.
hand-eye coordination is very important in our current world because in order to play sports and type effectively you must have hand-eye coordination.
so i hope you take my ideas an consider them an thank you for listening to what i think.
things like , ,, farmpring, , etc.
also, you can go on google and type in anything you want and it will give you the answer.
you have to check your e-mail, reply, go on your , its hungry, you have to do your daily activities.
dont take that away from me!
now go and get a to.
i you to consider my ideas.
now a world where every country got along because of online friendships.
when i get rid of mine, i'm not getting another.
they are also concerned that looking at the screen could be damaging to your eyes.
a civilized person will always behave properly with everyone.
downloading one thing can cost up to one hundred dollors.
from my personal experience i have not seen any problems with kids checking out offensive books.
although many kids are affected by the amount of time they spend on the computer each day, there not the only ones.
also, some books be needed for research.
do you think the downsides really outweigh these positives?
i interact with my friends of us population between the ages have a .
such is the knowledge lost from book-burning.
if a student does some mistake, he is not very harsh to him.
that is what causes people to become crazy and get into gangs or into drugs.
now you can find hundreds of articals on any topic in minutes.
on a computer you can learn about new places.
same goes if a friend or you move away, but want to stay in touch.
secondly, of busnesses say that they use computer daily, and some agree that without computer, their busnesses would fail.
have you seen the banned book list lately?
my third reason is kids might have e-mails.
without computers this disease would be stopped.
well, yes because they are not getting exercise.
just because a book contains a few areas where innappropriate references are made doesn't mean that students shouldn't be able to read the book.
not only does it make things awkward, but it sends out the wrong message.
but, heres the truth.
i think that people shoud be out doing things then just sitting at home on the computer.
dear newspaper, computers today have a negative effect on people.
obesity and diabetes effects <@num3> of .
in conclusion, computers are tecnollogy when you have to chat to someone.
no parent should have to worry about what their child might pick up.
no matter how offensive they might be, there are many other ways to solve this problem.
secondly, the most concern parents have computers are the many dangers, which is another negative effect it has on people.
people who are opposed to using computers believe that all they do is make kids lazy and ignorant.
i go on the computer to to my friends and check email and stuff and then i go outside to play.
i want people to get along with each other.
parents still have the ability to keep things they see as unacceptable from their children as much as they please to do so.
the third reason is for help.
you can also buy computer games for your computer.
please, think of what i have said and buy a computer!
all activities came to a standstill.
some people spend hours each day using a computer when they could be doing an activity that actually benefited them.
'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.'
what same person wouldnt want to talk to their friends and family acroosthe worl, for free?
i mean, when's the last time that you yourself went on a bike ride?
libraries should keep the materials cause maybe someone wants to know the meaning of being offensive or being offend.
my friend barely used a computer and always played outside.
so, though you think computers teach no they can coordination for the rest of a persons life.
later in life when i have kids i would like them to dream about what they want to do in there life.
i know even more than .
this is not scientificly proven but when you are around children constantly you notice this.
the reason i say they shouldn't be pulled off the shelf of a library.
it helps them build learning ability and also, so they can know how to sing the 's.
i was able to let them know a matter of seconds.
censorship is either loved or hated, its all one big opinion.
by playing sports you are increasing you hand eye coordination, far more then if you were to be on a computer.
another benefit from the computer is that it is great for organizing things.
i for one like books, movies, music, ect., without censoring.
also, people will be happier because they enjoy travel.
this is why, computer are an obstruction to us.
books have information about people doing things to other people just because of their race.
i guess you guys wondering about what i mean about addicition to computers.
with all of the nasty things that are seen in books, movies, magazines, etc., people need to be alerted to what they read and watch.
americans i think that when people at their computer they tend to bring junk food with them and for!
one, its not fair for people who are not offended.
secondly, if children have a computer at home their parents should be limiting the time and what exactly they could do on the computer.
my hobby is gardening.
if you can't keep kids from hearing or seeing anything offensive then why would you try and edit what they read in libraries.
not just that but, you can find at how much something is at a store and if it is on sale or not.
what ever happened to spending time with family and friends?
currently, there has been a debate on whether or not computers benefit society.
another peroblem most people have is with the adult books parents defantly dont want their children looking or checking thoughs books out.
as you probably know, not all kids are alike.
first and foremost, about of all modern companies require their employees to work on computers.
besides talking to people, you can do your homework on a computer as well.
i believe that computers in today's society have created an atmosphere of learning, communication, and an ideal amount of creative fun.
did you know that from being on the computer all the time you lose focus on exercising anymore?
as to remove books should not be allowed no matter how or what the content of the book be.
you are probably wandering how this is and think that i am insane but there are legitimate reasons.
when you are bored you find anything that you can possibly do, rather than be bored.
are you planning a trip the for you do you need to find a definition for the word ""cognitive""?
but books that are not apropriot for young kids or teens shouldnt even be in school librarys.
dr. , a professor stated that his findings showed that people who are addicted to computers only leave their homes to run errands.
you could go on the internet.
most people that use computers are interacting with people someway somehow.
computers aren't helping this situation at all.
the internet is an extreamly useful invention, used in all schools and is only inconvient when misused.
some kids will do homework and a on the computer at the same time, the homework is probably wrong because they weren't concentrating on it hard enough.
all they had to do me!
no one needs a book to tell you our world is not perfect.
what is the first place you would go to talk to people online: .
you can go swimming or even have a picnic in your local park.
for example you could search up: mistery, animals, natures and places.
well i just gave you a little thing of a lot of thing's a computer can do but to refresh your memory i'll say it again.
you get to learn how it is in a certain place you want to go on vacation for.
although i found the book , in the young adult section, the book i read revealed a young girl encoutering many rapes and beatings.
compared to a computer those classic research tools are still usefull, but could be a hassle.
they allow easier research, i can learn about other countries, and can talk to people online.
plus , they only come here for an oppurtunity to start a new life cause usually they're coming from poverty srticken towns, homes countries.
for all we know, a book censored could have saved millions of lives.
also they help with your school and job work.
first of all, it is important that students see and feel nature, and last time i checked they can not do that on a computer.
right, computers bring people together whether its friends families or relatives from far countries.
peopl need to learn that there is better things to do with there time.
many people become addicted to computers.
but wait, make sure you trun your computer off so that you are not temted to go back on it.
teens that go on youtube become more social.
aim lets youtalk with just your keyboard whre you type messages to poeple.
there is the fact that computers also help teach people about distant places and people without leaving they're home.
also it does not matter to me what kind of books they have in the library.
most of the students take their lunch boxes and sit in the playground.
computers are great, people friendly pieces of equipment, but as technology evolves, people are beginning to rely on their computers for entertainment.
i know that computers are good for school because you can research stuff for projects and e-mail your job.
i believe that people spend too much time on the computers.
but what if one teenager is looking for a book about a famous person's autobiography for a school project.
now-a-days, kids spend a lot time inside, on the computers.
in a nutshen, computers are great assets to society.
the might be a cool device but that does not meen that it is safe to post stuff about you on.
we have read about many conquerors like, alexander the great, julius caesar, nepolean etc.
computers have been used for decades and i think they will be used for many many more.
when you get punished, it could cause you to lose something for a certain amount of .
ranging from a song to websites containing pornagraphy.
when camels are traveling in the desert, food is often very hard to find.
should be tooking down off selves if they are offensive!
computers are great for people of all ages.
dear local newspaper, have you ever forgot the book you needed for homework?
and some of the stuff now needs to be taking off of the shelves, but not everything
because children and their parents are spending way to much time on their computers.
also, in my life, my teachers assign research papers requiring us to find information on a topic.
just because something isent censored doesnt mean it should be taken out of context eather.
this is why we have webcams and chatting on computers.
overall, computers serve many helpful purposes for people.
for example, what if an athiest wrote a book saying that wasn't real?
in conclusion exercising can give you all of the same utensils that computers give you but it also benefits citizens more.
being inside isnt really good for you.
another reason books shouldnt be removed is because students need them for projects and school assignments.
computers show these advances greatly.
computers have been the technological item to have over the past or so years.
do you think that money from a college fund is worth a computer?
for one the machines use up load of energy in the house making the electric bill rise and .
computers are also important and helpful in the home.
this is a helpful resource and i don't know what i'd do without it.
people use facebook, thats !
the situation is different for each person.
well are lives without computers can be bad.
if a material offends one person, is that sufficient enough to exclude it, or do you need a larger group?
email has especially played a huge roll in our society, so as to help millions of people communicate when needed.
i say the computers are ok, but only in small doses.
i let you never of a computer like that!
books use words to display important parts of a story and our history.
there is no point to waist time and cause a problem that's my oppion about this problem hope it is yours to.
and yes weight loss surgery does have effects such as death.
my leaves are used for various decoration in the special occasions.
should certain books be aloud to be in a libary.
libraries are created as a place to expand knowledge.
in the library there should be good and fun books, magazines, and movies.
meanwhile, in some of the more severe cases the person is so entranced that bedtimes are pushed later.
also, computers can make things easier like typing.
oh, let me start with no.
music should not be taken away because it is just words and they should not hurt someone, especially when it is only a way to express.
this is about half the day!
i need to check my homework, research a topic, or use it for help.
mother always sayed "be safe on the computer".
being a student, i am commonly curious about what references teachers are making and additional information that is not provided.
so can reasearch.
they have the right and no one can take that right away from them.
picture this scenario if you will; a student at has to do a project on the in the .
get to know them in person and not over the internet.
well instead of waiting to find out you can just go on weather.com and see everything maps, forecast or what is going to happen hour by hour.
studies show that of children that their our computer spend less time with their family and more time on the computer.
yes, i do believe computers benefit the society.
by making computers and softwares more high tech, people the generation now is more technicly advanced than many other countries.
in conclusion, offensive material should not be removed from our libraries, rather regulated through our parents or elders.
sometimes you don't even need internet theres a calculator built right in!
although, on main point is it helps me stay orginized.
but there is a good side as well.
it's much more interesting to use the internet than reading from a book.
by doing this we can get rid of censorship, and be able to fully enjoy all our rights as .
in my opinion a computer helps me complete my research paper and the contents in it are the best it can be.
there are many different reasons why all books should stay on the shelf, but here are a couple of mine.
what i'm trying to say is that nothing should be removed from any shelf at any library.
as if propaganda doesn't warp the minds of people enough, censorship of books would be the end.
father was happy, my sister was happy and i was very much happy.
the question upon many people is, do computers give a possitive or negative effect on people?
you can learn trillions of things on the internet.
money, weight and sleep.
now anyone who thinks people spend too much time on their computer and that computers are bad for society is just wrong.
if you do not like a book in the library or even think it is inapropriate then just walk away and put it down.
computers do have negitive sides to like spending lots of maney for one all the times.
it can be friends, families, and more.
reading and knowing about what our ancestors did will help us lead a better future not distroy it.
i believe they should set a timer on how long they are on the computer.
if it werent come veters i dont think some of us would be where we are today.
it certainly brings us a lot closer to unraveling the mysteries certain diseases shold beneath.
schools now do program called .
people dump garbage into waterways.
in the , there is freedom of speech and people should be able to say what they want to say.
books are an important part of the learning system.
children follow in their parents' footsteps.
dear local newspaper, some people say computers have negative affects on family and friend others say computers are an important aspect of society.
also it allows everyone else to enjoy the books if they aren't censored just for children.
you can chat long distances without being for it.
the bad things many kids wach bad stuff and cmputer has relly bad staff.
do not infrom people to stop using computers but to balance thier time with them.
music, books, magazines, and other stuff help us learn dont take that away from us.
it old-fashioned, but i believe people put their heart something you can't do by email.
less and less people go for walks because they would rather be on or .
people should go green and start recyling and not worrying about what somebody said on ""myspace"" or ""facebook"".
the popular social networks such as facebook and twitter are putting youth at danger of @caps2 and child predators.
, has been a lot of discusion of whether computers effect people in a positive way or in a negative way.
most kids that go to college don't know a lot colleges out there.
in libraries there are a bunch of books, music, movies, magazines, and etc.
just for a moment, think what would the world be like without computers.
the gypsies use donkeys to carry
that contributed to the evil practice of expecting money on the slightest pretext from the patients or their relatives.
you can also talk to people on them.
the computer has a lot of fun games that you can play.
computers definetly benifit your learning.
secondly why computers are a positive effect because it gives people the ability to search far away places.
for example, when a year-old boy visits a website that talks about the wonders of the rain forest.
there are numerous websites that allow you to share photos and talk to friends or family.
but i'm not talking about the people that work in computer all day long, because they have to do it.
they are sitting infront or a computer and ignoring everyone and everything around them.
last summer when my grandfather came to visit us, he took me to the museum.
there are even sites to meet newpeople.
computers make people develop hand eye coordination.
in spring, the nights are cold but the days are sunny.
learning about dislikes can make someone more knowledgable on why some people think the way they do.
i talk to my family alot and they live all the way in .
also now on the computer you can go on facebook and other website were you can make friend and chat with other people.
expenses and income are saved to businesses computers, if that was all done an paper they could be lost or ruined.
these websites upgrage communication today.
you can go on the computer and chat with friends but not all the time.
because of this, they cant bond and they wont have a real friendship.
some victims are enough speak up but sadly, most are too afraid or ashamed to do so this is all made possible through the internet.
it's , no one writes letters anymore; there's e-mail and instant messaging.
my cousin is now and he used online dating and met this really sweet and pretty girl that lived nearby.
having an account like this is said to be addicting.
if we need to know what a homework assignment was we can just chat with a friend.
these are the people that just sit on the computer all day.
dear of , you know that eight out of ten homes in have at least one computer if not more?
those people who love to play on the computor don't spend enough time with their family or friends.
i remember when i was in grade i made a new friend and she moves to in the after grade.
therefore in the end books should be censored!
my dad moved to brazil so we have ben communicating via, , , and even facebook.
just type in creative foods for a party"" and you will easily have hundreds of newe recipies to choose from.
isn't their a point where we can draw the line.
of residents in own computers and spend a lot of thier day on it.
in case you are iffy about my reasons, i will simply restate them.
opinion, everyone has one that conflicts with someone elses.
other like word, help you set up writing essays and stories.
their only son was prince rahul
whether you use a computer to get the latest gossip or for a job, the computer is now an important part of people's lives.
dear , i am writing this letter to state my opinion on the effects computers have on people.
however, the other music like and or even hip-hop rarely has any references to the topics of rap music.
like me for instints, i live far from my friends.
i write this for suport that some day people will understand that this is life.
i agree on spending less time on the computers and spending more time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with friends.
being social is an important quality in life.
it can also allow people to communicate online with others.
to conclude, all that i would like to say is that the computer is a great source for intellegence.
overall thoughts on censorship in libraries, is that not eveyone is going to feel the same way i do .
through social networks, such as and , we can make plans with friends.
since adults aren't doing there part by idolizing these kids to persuade them to run around outside and do something healthy.
what i think about computers benifiting our community is great.
in other words, girls from ages thirteen to twenty began to send her threatening messangers.
adults are also affected by inappropriate media if they see their favorite celebrity or any other role model use inappropriate behavior.
as unique and intriguing as the computer might be, it is slowly destroying the mind.
trees also are home to many living organisms.
also now most governments are networked with files on computers.
sometimes, your letter is even lost, and these is no way of finding out.
because the lanuage that they use is not needed.
people would be even more offended than before in that case.
do not censor what libraries put out such as books, music, movies, and magazines
in school most of the time everyone learns the basic information that is required.
""computers is also a way that people can learn to type in a recent survey at , students know to type, thanks to computers.
do not even think about
what is your vision on computers today?
nobody likes a distant family, but with a computer you can communicate with family and friends from all over the world!
this allows for anybody to say whatever they please as long as they don't infringe upon the of anybody else.
this is because it would not help with people being educated on events that happened, and people would not be reading any books in school.
so thats why there should be a law that you can only have a book out for a given period of time .
in my opinion there should be very censorship in a library.
now that it is so easy, children begin to think things come easily in life.
thats the question.
man has always been interested in technology.
a hobby removes the dullness of man.
facebook, for example, is a social network, amny young adults can learn basic social skills by having a facebook.
instead of keeping your eyes glued to the computer on a nice, sunny joy, go for a walk in the woods.
people interact with others different countries, states, & or continents.
people need to enjoy the wonders of nature instead of sitting on a computer.
it also hepls one vocabulary more stronger than it once was.
his children are good natured and have good manners.
she opened her laptop and found where her kid was.
some people might not like action due to the fact that there is violence in almost all of those movies.
now look closly at both lymrics you will eventually see a connection in both.
types writers can't save anything, delete and do half the work computers do.
if the music is rap, pop, or country they could just get it from instead of the library providing it.
recently, , the computer company took a survey to see how many people use the company for work.
some people prefer to have penpals.
to do assignments for a job or school.
that tells them about sales at grocery stores or clothing stors and it saves people money using those cupons.
thats what is happening today.
also is good if your always on the go and you cant talk on the phone then you send messages in .
mother nature has it's great benefits when your career is all about science.
so fight for the right to stop the addiction internet use and live a great life.
even though, i love my computer, i know that computers can have a bad effect on people.
from these on, my dad called on ambulance and was allright.
if you tri this program it will really work to all of you tri proise it will work and you will be heathly and not feel bad about yourself.
he is not a rich man.
the ideas in the book are either to keep the baby and deal with the consquences or abort the baby and move on with life.
i can understand why you would contradict my argument but i truely hope that you will be able to understand why this is so important.
the benefits of this comprimise seem endless, to me.
, , , and way more sights websites can put you in cyber danger!
hopefully now you have a better understanding of how much of a lifesaver the computer is.
it was extremly exciting for them.
viruses can come in many strengths some can crash your computer some just send boat loads of pop-ups to your monitor.
another problem computers have is that they keep you away from your family and friends.
they are getting obese.
books can teach them new things and expand their knowledge.
so tell me, newspaper you want your kids to be abease.
unfortunatly, many young people are not getting in to play sports.
every human being does not have the same taste in what they read, listen to, look at, and watch.
in this day/age, the computer is something we can't live without.
there is no doubt that every child sitting here loves and respects their father and mother.
he then tells his science class, who the spread the word of preservation of the forest.
for example, my grandmother told me that she knows how to use her hands and eyes well because of using the computer.
they help students learn more and could possibly help you start your own business from your home.
also, you could give him a time limit on too.
also with increased computer time people are not getting outside.
what your mom or dad wnet on a weeks buisiness trip.
at first, people waved a friendly hello but nothing more.
no, your just sitting there; using the computer involves very little movement.
who spend time with their family are more likely to do better in school,"" beyond.
ever since teens have joined , myspace, and twitter, they are addicted to it and can't stop going on it to what their friends are posting.
and i don't get to see her so i now video chat with her on my laptop.
for example, when babies learn how to walk the religh on their brains show them how it's done.
it has several benefits such as entertainment, communication, and information.
for example im a student that can't draw so printed some pictures of the computer so i can paste them on my post board.
my advise to libraries, keep materials that can be found extremely offensive in their own area, away from younger people who react strongly.
in my opinion i think that computers help people out a lot such as looking up directions or even chatting with some old friends.
also for teenagers there is ways to talk to their friends like facebook.
finally, computers type papers and essays up faster.
so you people out there looking for that special someone will always be able to look somewhere.
in my opinion people should use the computers but not a lot.
plus if you have a computer you can easily work from home.
also you enjoy listening to music from your computer as you personal entertainment.
because it shortens activity time.
the other girl answered.
my we should keep computers because we.
kids in high school look up collages to get into when they are in like or grade.
certain materials should be removed from the shelves.
my personal opinion is that they should not be removed.
most schools have computers.
street fights are becoming more and more frequent.
to make a better country and nation, the people of the should make an effort to reduce computer use.
i know for sure, that i don't want my kids to read anything bad when they grow older.
do you think that your children use the intrenet too much?
not just unhealthy choices and antisocial behavior they uncourage things against the law.
when we have any problem, books give us the correct advice.
the staff and people there get so mad if kids are laughing or talking about something.
these two things are not okay.
if they can be at home on the computer for hours then they probably can hang out in real life.
in conclusion i think that there should be some censorship in libraries, but not too much censorship that people can't find things that interest them.
just go outside if someone kicks you off your computer.
so get up and write our local news paper telling them why computers benefit our society.
when you sit and watch computer your eyes starts to hurt.
i am not complaining about this because i understand that schools have to be careful of what they are exposing students to.
but with computers, they can talk to each other like they were still neighbors.
adults want kids to grow up differently than others so they need to tell them not to be listening and watching the bad things on tv.
this is where computers come in.
because of all this new technology less go outside and play or hit the gym and exersize.
i personally use these websites weekly.
if you meet up with them they could be a killer, a kidnaper, or a rapist.
the computer is very educational.
on the internet alone you can view your school textbook.
we should spend more time with friends family or go outside, and enjoy nature.
i do believe that certain materials such as books, movies,magazines ,etc should be removed from the shelfs if they are found offensive.
computers are a standard of the buissnes world and are hevily depended on.
because of the laungauge this book used, many people thought it was trash.
i think teacher teach to grow interested in a subject and give basic ideas about any subject.
it helps communication so much that you have choices on how you want to talk to someone.
many types of books, magazines, music, movies, and much more have been banned from being put on the shelves of libraries because of their content.
if a parent does not want their child reading a certain book then they have the authority to take the book away from that child, not the shelves.
advanced technology today allows you to do almost everything that would have been considered impossible decades .
even teachers say that they set better teaching skills from web sites.
the computer made for storing information and learning.
the second choice should be a loss of internet services.
probably less than minutes a day should be spent checking your e-mail or instant messaging a friend.
about teens and adults use myspace and facebook.
first i'd like to talk about obesity.
all in all libraries should not censor books or any kind of reading material.
cyber danger is you get in trouble on the computer.
overall computers cause people to do the excercise and less active which will cause .
dear, of the has come to my concern that many people are debating on whether computers benefit our society or not.
computers make you become become smarter.
'i'm not going to read this!'
so do you really think it's nessacary to have all that bad stuff around for anyone, of many ages to see?
you can get hurt by just sitting for a long amount of time at once.
years ago people were able to function fine with out computers so we should be able to too.
students be dancing to their favorite song.
i believe that computers are beneficial.
the main reason is because of the books, magazines, ariticles, and internet that contains content very disturbing for children.
there are not as many people taking care of our planet.
in this time i hope you have learned more about the computer and have changed your mind.
we shut them off to spend time with each other.
my personal view on censorship would be a very low tolerable standard due to different people, more variety, and different reading or viewing materials.
there are books on science, geography, history, economics, political science, sociology, and literature.
you so you always have to be carful who you talk to other wise you could get.
a farmer’s job is to plow the fields and sow the seeds.
computers are very helpful in many of ways.
the long wooden benches on the platform are always full of
jack from said " of video chat i was able to talk to and see my cousin from who i almost never see.
computers are becoming more and more popular.
the internet is a great, reliable that you cango to when researching a topic for shcool or even just looking for an answer to a simple question.
computers are all needed just for those reasons.
i believe that we can solve this problem by just seperating certain materials from others in the library.
however kids are not the only ones who are affeted by this.
if they want to discuss why we see a full moon when we do?
those are three of the most important reasons why i think computers benefit society.
if it doesn't entertain you does not mean it does not for anybody else
as i said before, if they do not like it, then they are not required to look at it.
you could also learn about news faster without writing for it to come on the news channel.
next, computers help other people learn about faraway places.
e-mailing is just like mailing a letter except it is dilivered instantly and doesn't cost anything.
a street hawker has no fixed price.
spring season is the best time for doing any work.
the only place you can find a giraffe is if you go on the computer and search a giraffe.
some parents do not want their child to hearing or saying things like that.
generations are becoming way to dependant.""
is nice to be able to talk to friends and family online because other options are more expensive.
these different sections could include children's, , and many more different titles.
first, computers are not good for your eyes.
and if was really bad be able to take it out of the school.
to begin, when someone is talking to another on a computer, they never know who is at the other end of it.
when he goes on the computer he looks up different parcore tricks he can do or learn to do.
they never can do anything like going outside and doing sports.
and the reason why i say exersizeing is because you don't need to be on the computer all day long.
like ebay that is a website many people items on to make money and other people can buy them.
that is why i think computers benefit us.
please read on to read in detail, as to why i feel this way.
censorship would greatly lower the freedom of everyone and their individuality.
one can clearly see that offensive media must be pulled from our country's libraries immediatley.
my uncle, , lives in .
communication, learning, and even shopping have become much simpler.
it just should all be carefully watched to see who's hands it lands into, and who's eyes are viewing it.
doing when was easy you will also get a better grade.
well i think they have a positive effect on people.
ask your self woild you like to have the web to seach or not?
is a quote from katherine paterson that makes a big statement.
it's areason that tells it is bad.
people should wont to get out and interact.
children around the are stuck on their computers all day checking message, and seting up pictures.
i do not believe that books should be removed from the shelve do to something offensive.libraries are a very important aspect to life for most people nowadays.
what i'm trying to say here can use computers and electronics and exercise with fun one in all.
to begin, computors enforce bad habits.
secondly people live around profanity every day so trying to censor it would not protect people because they have likely already heard what is said in the novel.
i at once rushed outside.
you can watch movie as a family or multiplayes games together on the computer.
we also are doing our part to destroy the environment.
saying that the material is unsuitable for a younger age group is correct, but at that age the children should be with adult when checking out books anyway.
in fact, of must teens do so.
on a computre your hand-eye-coordination improves over time because, you are searching a topic as your hands are typing.
there are various ways to communicate with people through the computer.
first off, people in this aren't exercising as much as they should.
they help make more product in less time.
i couldn't help but disagree with the article, because, in my opinion, computers are a step in the right direction for modern technology.
because of computers, you can communicate with friends you thought were long-lost.
some kids parents don't really give a flying faldoodle what their kids do all day.
also, using the internet you can access all of the communicate benefits of using computers.
i have many reasons for this belief, but the three most important are going to be stated.
when do you need hand-eye coordination the most?
these are exercisem and spending line with fellow people indicating family and friends.
that's what i think many should do to.
library's will most often place the magazine's on the shelf so that they can rake in some adult costumers.
how does this miracle happen between two strangers and bind them in the knot of love?
i asked them what was on the paper he handed the lady, and father says it was an aids pamlet he got from a rest stop.
without computers society is because computers help the soldiers to win wars and even help people to live.
'that is a yes an no quistion because reading is good for people of all age's its just is the topic suitable for certain age group.
first of all, computers do have a possitive affect.
therefore, i urge you, readers of the , to raise your voice about the benefits of computers, so they aren't taken away from our society.
my father bought three tickets and we all walked into the zoo.
now in our present day with all of our new technology many people use computers to communicate with friends or family.
this was no ones fault, wasnt the library, wasnt mine.
but if it is censored, the story would completely change and it would not be the same.
my friends say that this is very unhealthy, research as proven it and my mom has had experience with the computers.
people use the internet way to much for plans, for business, for entertainment, for a social life!
or that the computers dont have anyway of helping you.
the problem with censorship is that a could find the book offensive and want it removed from the shelves.
but i say different!
to whom it concern, i was sitting at home when i have realized this has to come to an end!
because complaining will more than likely do something about it.
we should have an understanding of the bad things in life.
whethe old a new, fake a real, live or not, the computer has many things tool/ watch.
the books that i think that should be taken off the shelf would be the ones that have bad language, violence, and bullying.
you also can play games on facebook, myspace or any thing els.
therefore, i beleive that the laibaries should put warning signs on anything to reduce less books being removed from the shelfs.
and we wonder why our kids are getting obese there days.
computers have resulted in a lack of exercise, less time with nature, strained relationships, and a generally unhealthy lifestyle.
you should not interacted with friends on the internet for that reason.
without computers, i would not be able to keep in touch with these people as efficiently as i can with computers.
so i say that we should get some kind of extra warning that these innapporiate behaviors are showing up in movies.
you can just use and you type your essay.
it is preinstalled into many and laptops, giving us portable acces to talk.
they blame them for thing the forget to .
the answer is yes, computers are a good teaching tool.
get up off of your comfy computer chairs and take a walk.
if 's used by the people that oppose , 's gotta be great!
where would we be without a computer to help?
i myself have family in , which is a whole continent away!
phones dont always give you that option to call from around the world.
you can also use the computer to research topics.
so in the other words the computer is useful for students.
even if people spend too much time on thse machines, it's their decision and look how much computers have helped us.
today, obesity is a major problem.
computers allow people to talk to online with other people.
then where would people spend their time reading and enjoing the books that they have an intrest in?
things in childrens lifes need to change before they pay for it later in life.
a,,, and ,,, and colon(;).
laptops make work possible on the go to!
take microsoft for example: you can make exotic background and texts, as well as unique animations to emphasize or to make it pop right off the page.
also people don't ride their bikes a lot.
computers have a disadvantage being hacked or virused from uncensored websites.
don't treat like one.
if they are offensive why put them in the libraries?
from the first simple telephone in the 's to today's touch-screen iphone.
this is a great advancement in our society!
well one day when i went on google the top search of the day was, ""weight watchers diet plan"".
the reason i choose this book was because, when i was young my father did the same to me.
then again, this library had an upstairs that the more 'colorful' books were at.
who wouldn't want to see the beauty of nature.
dear newspaper, you have a computer?
but all of a sudden the second car took the lead.
we realize what actions bring what reactions.
this time is very pleasant.
it is the right of the individuals who birthed and raise these kids to determine how they are guided.
you would forget to say hi and how are you to your family.
this aggression cause others to get aggressive in response, which lead to a verbal or physical fight, which (hopefully) nobody wants.
i'm sure your next article will be a wonderful dream to people stating facts.
when i went to a skate board demo at skate lair i had tons of fun.
in conclusion, computers have improved the lives of the human race by a great deal.
they're actually very helpful.
i think its unnessary for the libraries to do that.
now all of them excepent contry talk about drugs and talks about .
in conslusion, these reason make up why libraries should stay the way they are.
did you know about of have a successful life with online-dating.
most reasons we need tech equipment is that people use it on fields such as the navy, , dealships, all over the world industry.
also i would not care how long that i would stay in the library.
dear local newspaper?
his record company refused to produce his music under his name because of the scandalous lyrics.
and those are usually all done on the computer so it would be easier if people don't drive.
the parenting skills of some parents also reflect on if the children learn the words or not.
i wish i knew , but i dont.
please read on to hear my story.
recently i had to do a project in about a place in .
in alot of ways, computers are pointless!
if they dont have enough time exercising and keep eating they will become even more self consious.
in conclusion in our culture because are very crucial in our culture because it can let you surf online and help you interact with people who live faraway.
i don't think so.
i believe in a goverment censorship program but to an extent.
some people do not like a book by its size or by how big or small the words are.
people can hav the same agreements and disagreements.
we want to stare at a screen and play games or chat with friends.
although some people say that using a computer cuts down your time for exercising and enjoying nature, but it really doesn't.
computers were made to get your tasks done quicker and easier.
unless they are so inapropreate that children should not be avle to see.
going to the library is such a better solution.
doesn't your head hurt when you are the computer for so long?
for example there is a snowday at your childs school, you recive an email from the usper intendent saying school si cancled.
throughout the world, there are thousands of people with various opinions.
not everyone has the same views and morals, what be considered appropriate for some people , be viewed differently by other cultures or religions.
finds that the burning of books has lead the society that he lives in to be ignorant of what is going on around them.
if you are inside searching the web how will you know if the old lady across the street needs help with her groceries?
a great way to recieve oxygen is going outside for some exersize and energy.
i will get the music and movies i enjoy and find age appropriate.
dear local newspaper, i belive that computers have a negative effect on peoples lives.
for example, people want to take out a book called, 'the of ' because it uses the word 'nigger' in the story quite a few times.
and one of those many thought to be impossible was to find anything you want in only a matter of seconds.
my questions is, ' not let people read and watch something that they want even if it is offensive?'
and the people from walmart is going to be like they making more money than me llike the people from but buy they got good computers.
whats were exersising get yet in work you amuzed.
they have no need for things that are offensive, because rarely something that is offensive, provides information.
without books there would be no real sort of entertainment.
also, there are so many games on the computer now that can be really and you don't to stop playing them.
when i went home to watch it with my mother, it turned out to be highly inappropriate and offensive, not to mention awkward and embarassing.
many schools have a computer lab for students to complete their tasks.
books can not be taken off the shelf just for their content.
my grandfather has promised to take me to another museum next time he visits us.
people who pollute waterways should be punished severely.
what would you do?
ever since the invention of the computer people have seen promise for society.
now most people would think that it was only a storm, but the people in town who did not like the books blamed it on the party.
both these books are popular even today.
maybe there might also be some pretty terrible things said in the book
everyone needs to hear it because true.
when computers get virouses, they can deilete the files you want to save.
so just listen to me and stop this badd habbit.
you be doing work or chatting with a friend, but your also just sitting their.
three just happen to be that they help people get work done faster, they help keep you in touch with friends and they help students to study.
people think that have young people exposed to this offensive material will effect the choices they make, and how they will react in certain situations.
he was pulled into our boat.
a few months ago i was at the library.
everyone will read a book that they don't like, its natural, but that doesn't mean that no one will like it.
it deals with the techniques of
just hookup your to the computer and instantly say good , or hows it going.
i read an article the other day about computer usage in .
computers aren't beneficial to everyday life overall.
the compter for me is cool because i can see how football team is doing.
it is required at almost every job application and at school and every thing in between.
i believe that computers do not benefit society of all!
which is why some books might be pulled off shelves because if one person believes something it won't be hard to convince somebody else.
so does the computer mess up someones life in anyway or is it just you.
but with the internet, people can use social networking sites such as facebook or myspace to keep in touch with one another.
did you know that of the population use the computer to talk, and reconnect to friends and family.
dear newspaper, the question is whether or not people are spending too much time on the computer or not.
do you think that seeing an offensive item makes an area all the less attractive and good intended?
water is used by us in our everyday life.
there was a priest present and everything.
rose, hibiscus, lily, orchids, sunflower, dahlia, etc.
and if there isnt one, its probly because someone complained about it.
you could say that they are a neucence but could never have used aho.
dancing is exercise and adults do say we need more exercise.
well thus where same opinion i had about the computer.
but he is not the only person who has become unhealthy because of computers.
seeing all those great places and beautiful pictures encourages poeple to get outside and see it for themselves.
in my opinion, i believe that computers have a negative effect on people.
explicit material should be removed if it is found offensive.
it creates barriers for those who want to learn and it takes away people's freedom to make decisions for themselves.
can you believe this?
second is it could possibly drastically effect literature.
simply because adults do have the right to view these materials.
though at some point and time before a child becomes an adult they should know most of the basics of life no matter how positive or negitive.
libraries should not remove a book from the shelves just because someone didn't like it or finds it offensive.
i use to be a computer geek.
i remember a story of a girl who took her own life because she was bullied by someone who turned out to be another girl and her mother.
mom!!!
so in my opinion i believe that coumpters can be good for our socity and bad; for me there is no side to take.
i do not agree with that because say you have family in a different town, city, or state.
computer like i said are sometimes bad like people and it also like a drug.
i read an article on about stated that "" users are most likely to succeed in school.""
secondly, i would talk about people who talk online way too much.
there was once a time, a young lady around her early teens who wanted to check out a type of movie in which she have never saw before.
while we are at school not only are we learing things like math and evolution, but we are also learing whats going on in the world around us.
you ' feel like moving back to reality which do you prefer?
so that way not only do you get to talk to them, but you can see them too.
in this article i am going to tell you about computers and what people are doing with them these days.
computers help improve hand eye coordination and helps you learn.
go to the gym and loose some of that extra body weight!
chat rooms also help you meet other people your age from the next town over on enywhere in the country.
see a message so computers interesting with friends and family.
in , it is also a convienient way to contact friends if they live in different places around the .
how's that for multi tasking!
a lot of children are cussing at an early age, but thats just how people communicate, show emotions, and get someones attention.
the next day i went to take my exam.
censorship in general is wrong.
but nothing that i found offensive personally.
so if you don't like the language in the book, choose a different one
in most libraires there are topics such as sex, killing , and viloent matters.
it's not good to be on the compoler seven but to be on sometimes is not bad.
too much time on the computer causes us to not get enough exercise, and we can become anti-social.
dear newspaper, you know what computers are doing to the people of the ?
i joined in and we chatted until .
and i don't mean any disrespect but wouldn't you agree?
the biggest company need an computer even the need them they are big in you company.
all the members of the staff love him.
i was staying in my room and watching the weather outside from my window.
, in my opinion computers are good for people.
not literally, but it feels that way at the time (which is what you should feel).
but if you are one of those people that find something offensive then dont pay any attention to it and find another subject or topic.
you can search all kinds of people like the presidents of the , celebrities, and people that made a change in the world.
children and adults need computers because if for example, a child get a project from schoool that need to be done about a famous person or smoking.
is unacceptable for there to be only educational books because who knows what your there for?
wouldn't you experiences the rush of jumping into the crashing waves of the instead of sitting inside, gazing at pictures of the ?
while others disagree.
second, computers are an amazing invention because you can find help for schoolwork easily.
what if you need to type an essay what do you do then.
do you think that people should alot more time with their families and be happy about it the they are spending time with their families.
now instead of pushing themselves to work hard for aspact, kids ethier play with no heart or dont play at all.
thoughts of i feel as though offensive literary pieces should be able to be taken from libraries.
professor had this to say about how this is affecting .
books and magazines are censored the same way by either blocking out the offensive language or replacing the letters with astrics.
however, those who find it offensive should be allowed to avoid it.
thats what i do if i don't like something.
so, to all the people who think that computer help anyone well reasons why computer can help someone.
so now it's your turn to decide whether having a computer is a good thing or a bad thing.
teachers can now acess grades in a heartbeat.
' ' people have types of genres of books, music, movies, etc., that they like as well as they don't like.
my last opinion is if we have computer.
firstly it dosent take days to email you can email someone and it takes five seconds to get to the other person.
of the people who work at public businesses do this, going along with ads, when could also or another reason for this.
if i had children i wouldn't want them seeinig things that are offensive, but i would keep them away from it instead of promoting against it.
famas invanyor ues tnacholage leki lena orde dvanse and his fling mashine.
for family who live far away, and online is the only way to socialize, online interaction is a great thing to have.
that is that great thing about technology.
lets you keep in touch with everything thats going on with things like status updates.
on the internet you can find the same amount of valuable information or more!
it helps people learn about things they didn't know.
""did this happen thirty years ago?
web chatting is a way to video people.
the sun came out the next day and everyone logged onto their emails with a sigh of relief.
millions even billions of dollars have been stolen by internet hackers.
the obesity rate will keep rising if these people don't realize that staying on computers all day long is a part of the problem!
i stand strong with the use of computers and strongly disagree that they negatively affect hte way of human life.
are they blaming it on computers?
the next reason why lcomputer have bad effects is because kids get bullied on the internet.
first of all, computers have a positive effect on people.
do you think way too many people are on the computer.
also my parents are at work the are abile to message me over the computer with out having to go get a phone and call my house.
there are many things like books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
i do use sites such as facebook to talk to people.
we have a small market near our house it is our local market.
there is no way to get those back, either.
or you can find out what is happening with your sister who lives in .
it shows love to them.
that'll make people who are lazy to do something active.
computers help them keep in touch, wheather it's by e-mailing them, or even video chat.
of people that have compters type faster than they write.
i use crayons, pencils, colour pencils etc.
first off we would not be able to do some of the things we do without computers.
some people have different opinions of the book or it means something different to them.
yes, it is good to go on the computer and learn new fact, watch funny videos, and also basicly everything is on the computer these days.
reading sould be about what you like but it should also be about what you are able to read.
businessmen, designers, etc.... the computers are mostly used by workers for e-mail.
dear newspaper, people are spending too much time on computers.
there is a lot of confusion then.
like my parents aways say when i'm typeing on esay, words per minute is a good minute.
for an example, if you go to for snowboarding, dont you feel great when your going down that ?
are they trying to keep their children from seeing it or just for their own selfish reasons?
they're important to people everyday lives.
also, on the internet you can buy things you can't but in stores.
more and more kids are spending is their free time on the computer, instead of ouside exercising.
computers have caused damage to people!
although it would be nice to see some books and magazines banned, it would be quite difficult to accomplish.
you can also use the information on the computer to study if your textbook isnt doing you only good.
it means that person should simply not read it.
i hope you consider my reasons why computers are very important to society.
in the children's section it's hard to find things that would be considered 'offensive' to adults.
nothing can make you feel bored while you have an interesting hobby to turn to.
dear, local newspaper i think that it would be better if people get outside to get so exercise and enjoy nature to interacte with there family and friends.
and can only create a better person.
he speaks to every one and is generous and kind.
in the end computers are a necessary item in a business.
as you can see computers are valuable items used in everyday life.
prevention and protection from disability can reduce suffering.
different genres of music even send bad messages.
but say no to censorship, let our libraries do what there for, allow people to read, research, adn watch what the want.
we have had seen censorship in our history.
you don't know the person.
information is far easier to aquire when a computer is used.
next you should post this out on you news paper.
as for me i am fine.
mr. joseph was up, mother offered him tea.
the could go on '' & chat with a friend from to get that home work.
but now, being oevrweight is at an all time high, claiming lives and causing many into depression.
for one, computers let people talk and socialize, even if they are on different sides of the planet.
though this is true, it certainly does not mean you can take that media away from those who enjoy it.
maybe you just want to relax and learn, plug in earphones and listen to math help.
computers also have another positive effect on people, they can be used for communication.
prostitution happens because of online chats.
studies show that ninety percent of that have a chat room to go to with friends often have more friends than none.
in my history calss, i had to do a report on the state of .
the computer also, negatively effects people with interacting with family and friends.
say this isn't away we could save the economy.
one reason i am for computers is because they are a huge advancement in technology.
might be the way someone has said something or the way they mean't by.
we all need to except things if we like it or not at times.
i love going on the computer time to time doing many things i have talked about.
i hope you understand why i beleve computers are a good thing to have in new society.
they can help you build social skills for now and for our future.
people aren't getting enough excercise, it can be very dangerous and families are spending less time with each other without computers, so its worse with them.
so with a computer nearly impossible not to be able to keep in touch.
the internet helps a lot of people, because its very conveniant computer give people.
computers have so many websites to talk to your family and friends like, , , myspace, yahoo, and even ohvoo.
in conclusion, computers help as with coordination, communication and education.
i hope everyone has an eye out for these kind of things.
he had a very simple
if books were not offensive, people would read them very often.
most people go the the library to study or use the computers... but what about the other people?
yo know why we pick this side because are three reasons why computers are good.
they dont just stare at the mouse while they play these games.
so if you don't have a computer go out and get one.
as humans, there is the freedom of choice as to what people would like to read, and what they would not like to indulge in.
it was a place from where we could see the entire valley.
almost everything that moves within its own power has been computerized at some point in time.
some novels, more than others have a lot more graphic content such as .
and computers can make our live s a little easier.
also, for a lot of people, they don't even have to go to work.
's already bad enough that they hear from family members or near them.
not in the house on the computer.
soon kids get addicted to playing and dont think going outside is important anymore.
dear newspaper , i think, in my opinion, that computers benefit to society greatly.
computers improve our hand-eye coordinations typing is a good way to improve this vital skill by not looking and knowing which buttons are where.
our bodies need to stay healthy and fit.
i myself, had been caught thinking more about on xbox game then own hackey game!
without computers our society would not be so far advanced.
so i strongly you to vote being a negative effect.
kids are kidnaped and sold to be trained and used for begging.
think about , my mother was using her so that she could fit into a size and now look she is in a size .
another reason why computers dont give you exercise is you can get addicted to a game.
i couldn't pass up a chance to check up on some old buddies that moved away.
clearly seperate from their friends and family because of computers.
my first reason i think computers have affect on people is it gives people the ability to learn from faraway places.
go to microsoft office and type your essay.
there are websites now that of taveing to people online and over cam or microphone.
also i would not care if i had to be quiet in the library it would not matter to me.
's a tough decision to make especially when they lose more than a few customers based on either choice.
my second reason why i believe computers have a positive effect on people is because it gives you the ablity to learn about new things.
do you want to spend on unhealthy contraptions?
saved time from their convenence to run around and get exersize.
even if you just put them away would be better than taking them out of the library completely.
this way very easy considering i typed it in and had hundreds of ways to increase my pulse rate.
now i barely miss any tennis balls.""
the internet also allows you to catch up on recent news such as weather.
he never used a computer.
then, when done, you can print it, or even send it straight to your teacher.
what will happen to then?
if your looking for stand up, you could type in "" !
so a student has a project due and the teacher wants it neat the computer will write the project neatly.
you are on the computer for an hour and your family is having a barbeque.
it will effect and lots of schools are useing computers now and exspecialy students to do their.
i remember this one time when i was watching channel news and a years kid fainted from playing a computer game for too long.
i think using the computer is great.
this is things like staying in town with someone far away, or editing photos.
family and friends should be a very important thing in your life but unfortunatly, for most people it is not.
when i was little, my grandma would take me to the library almost every .
long distance calls cost money and it is not worth a call if you call every couple of days.
also, computer games teach hand-eye coordination.
if children read books that are inapporiate for their age they might start to act out that way.
which we all know we need to play sports!
you're the ones to raise them the way you want to raise.
used to be humerous, outgoing and play alot of sports.
censorship should not play a role because everyone has their own opinions on what is looked at as offensive and what is not.
he said yeah, so i went to a local chatroom on the internet.
in taking away all the offensive materials you are taking away people's right to freedom of speech.
of people use computers to do their informational work about faraway places.
is that true though?
the school can have a bad image from the students.
we all have the freedom of speech, right?
also computers are able to be used in business meetings when a business has to talk with another from different locations.
i was always excited when my mom and i went to barnes and noble to pick up a new typing program.
it would lead to many arguments amoung or communites.
lots of time people don't answer thhe phone when you need them.
i've seen to many parents letting thier children get away with thier mouth and attitude.
in a study conducted by , out of people are spending more that hours a day on the computer. ""
a video camera used on your computer.
but for the most part of my oppinion, i believe that this material should not be in the store unless they change it up.
sometimes kids dont even like to go do exercises they stay on the computer eating & eating.
on a computer, you can learn just about anything.
it is cruel and unjust to keep soliders from talking to their families.
dear in , computers are one of the world's best discoveries today.
the allows people to communicat.
agains computer would be the right thing to do.
people now a days do not spend anytime with family and people use computers to interact with friends.
that studnet also felt more because they get more computer.
think about how many fewer friends or maybe even relationships we would have without social websites.
not to mention the computer did quicker and more efficient than a regular human.
towards the end of the fourth period itself, students become restive.
i went to the tea stall and had a cup of tea.
so now you see how ecofriendly computers are.
when the teacher asked why the kids didn't do their homework, they said that they were on the computer and forgot about the homework.
libraries are not there to stop things from reaching little kids' ears but to provide any knowledge a man needs.
you can find pictures and of faraway places and find out the currency or of a country.
you know that is bad to remove there musics and books because you wall remove there carenos to not just thing you will remove more than what you thing.
i know a family that has a son fighting in the .
it wasn't phones... no, not television... oh yes computers!
there are people who hate change.
however, another parent not have a problem with it.
it took two hours to control the fire.
because all people have different views on life, different beliefs, and different feelings, makes hard for libraries to please everyone.
i think that computers are useful for many things, but i also think that some people spend too much time on them too.
the only thing you can to change it is to rip out pages and that only waste your money to a new book.
computers have changed the world in a good way, and they continue too.
your baby brother won't be a baby forever and your grandparents might not even be there tomorrow.
research has proven that computers are a positive effect on people.
it wouldn't be fair to everyone to remove objects from the libraries just cause some other people find it offensive.
nobody in this entire world is exactly the same.
experts also believe that by spending time on the computer it is tacking away time from you being able to interacting with family members and friends.
i don't think i could have written such a great research paper without the use of a computer.
it is also good for couples or parents to keep in touch with their partner or children if they are away.
it's also dangerous because it someone is applying to a school that school can see what they put up and can decline the person from college.
those are the three reason that computers have a posative effect.
why ' the librarians put restrictions on the sites?
this is good because some people have intrest in places around the world.
how would your life be without not talking to a girl/guy or even your own family?
you can probably thnks of quiet a few.
lastly, computers are beneficial because they help education.
books that are found offensive are really bad for you to read.
a recent survey shows that six out of every ten teenagers spend more that two hours on the computer.
there is a big difference between awareness and offensiveness.
without the new technology we wouldn't be able to do that.
in america, there are jobs that are for you to type.
i like playing games and editing videos, so i got an outstanding graphics car that has outstanding speeds for rendering videos.
having a wide range to select from would keep the guests always coming back for more.
technology has helped doctors find new cures for patients, and diagnose their sicknesses in a more advanced way.
i haven't seen her for eight years abut now i talk to her all the time.
there is two things that are going to happen.
some people think computers are the lives of many people, but i have to disagree with those who say that.
it helps us with things like learning, communication, and even money or economic problems.
if movies, books, magazines, and music continue to be left uncensored, the world will become a giant brouhaha.
if they don't like the books at the library, then they won't have problem with not reading at all.
the library is a public area where anyone can visit to find a book, movie, or magazine of their desire.
now, you can send instant mail which saves days time and paper.
he eats grass and fodder.
the video is how off the wedsite.
also, it brings us together to have a family movie night.
in sted of reaching for an apple many americans reach for that foods.
this can help heal or improve some people reflexes by making their eyes more keen.
books should not be censored because an idea that is offensive to one, not be to another.
while your going out excersise and be interacting.
i know of this happened i wouldn't be happy.
at that time i feel to embrace her.
computers are making people unhealthy.
however the ultimate message of the series is that love triumphs over evil.
never once have i ever been outside and relaxed besides when i got on and off the bus for school.
we have to stop this devastating pandemic!
if so then that person would never get any royalties for their story and no money to support themselves.
lastly you find top websites that maybe inapropriate for users.
they would save a much needed amount of money if they didn't let those books leave the classroom or school library.
whether if for work or pleasure, everyone uses a computer.
you have lot's of access to different information, my mom found a job in the computer.
i think this for three reasons.
or maybe even planning out a get together with some of your old friends?
since they play on the computers all day they don't ever use nature, they won't care for it and litter and pollute even more.
but if you had a computer your daughter would be able to get the proect done and go to the college of her dreams.
because if they don't learn about this now than they will never know about all of this when they get older.
my third reason why i believe computers have a positive effect on people is because it teaches people hand and eye coordination.
you could be waiting for a stock update on the news channel and wait maybe ten or even twenty minutes.
books, music, movies, and magazines should not be removed from any shelf at any time.
instead of complaining about violence in movies and sex on you can make a decision simply to watch that kind of show.
they have no rel use that isn't alredy taken care of.
removing offensive books, magazines, music, and movies from the shelves of libraries would just cause more problems and complaints.
well, i might just be able to help.
is that the world we want for kids?
but florence wanted to be a nurse and got herself trained in a nursing school in germany.
dear , more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
she said that if she has the right to take books off the shelf, then so does everyone else.
hanging-out with friends are family is a fun thing to but how are you suppose to long out with them if your to the computer?
this is great because our country is having a bad acession and we need to be saving every penny.
people need to be able to stay in tuch.
i subscribe to magazines and read books on these subjects.
if you did this by computer, all you see is a persons face who can't comfort you with a hug.
someone out there hates this book, and hated it from the day it was published.
i just think that computers are ruining the life of many people.
this could effect your emotional heath.
those are noises you don't want to be hearing all day.
a recent test was taking stating that out of people like to travel but don't where.
also because it's another source of communication.
if you don't spend time with your family because of something you're doing on the computer, then you just a person.
some people spend way too much time on the internet.
there are a lot of bad people in the world but it is mostly because of all the things that people read and see.
if these items are censored or taken off the shelfs the resources would be limited and or no help to the people searching for the information.
you know you would not be listeing to a beetles song that wouod not be about drugs or sex or getting high.
i could read from name-plate that he was the librarian.
from my own experience, i used to stay up late for hours using websites such as because everyone else was using it.
one person look upon a certain subject as offensive, while others not have the same point of view.
often, teenagers feel more powerful when they are using a computer.
i think they shouldn't be tooken off the shelves.
i think they should overlook it.
computers can affect the way people are and how they interact.
my stand is that computers hurt peoples.
i hope you can agree on the fact that computers are causing more bad than good in familes all around the world.
for example, my family just got a new computer and have relitives that live in florida that almost never see.
if you have a computer you will soon learn that your typing skills get very good.
do research, or maybe just for fun play games.
there were big swords, shields, daggers and other weapons with which the kings used to fight.
also having this access to friends can help when one moves away.
some friends and family keep in touch completely by computer.
i hope i influenced you to see why computers aren't bad.
we have all seen the horrors of totalitarianism over time.
after camp, i would always say ""oh we will keep in touch,"" but i never would be able to keep any promise.
for example we can talk to friends on line.
i am positive that i have pursuaded you not to spend so much time on a computer.
in the next paragraph i will talk about magazines.
jane can just simply go online and do the research!
my did the same thing, but they had different opinions on what was okay for me to read and what wasn't.
i don't need to grab all the playing carols and set a game up.
theres all kinds of books like for example theres mystery books, fiction books, non-fiction books, historical books, etc.
i firmly believe that computers are necessary in our society.
what's wrong with this situation?
we can make and distribute item much faster.
you could pick up an educational video that talks about animals that most everyone could watch.
lets say you went to watch a certain movie, but you don't own it.
when i was a boy of years i had survey low hand-eye coordination skills and my playing suffered because of it.
some people dont have the money for babysitters so have to watch their kids all day so have to work from home to make money.
calling them be expensive in most cases and sending letters certantly take to much time to reach them.
lastly, parents need to allow their kids to grow up and mature.
in my opinion, i think computers have a positive effect on people computers can be used many things, they are a good sorce of technology.
a computer gives you anything you need in a matter of seconds.
changed our way of life and have made things easier.
if you have a computer around your house you should not be bored because there is many things you can be doing or even learning!
have you ever have the feeling that you want to talk to somebody?
he gets angry when ( years old) bothers him because he wants to play.
today, computers allow us to communicate with one another, access the millions of websites on the internet and help with school work.
this is why computers can make you not exercise.
that has not stopped millions of teenagers from reading this novel, which is considered to be a rite of passage for most young adults.
teens become in their society lives and become to their computers.
i believe that there can be both good and bad effects.
secondly they don't enjoy mothersnature.
take twitter as a example.
computers are like people with fun to do and things to learn.
inappropriate media is surrounding us daily, including children.
if computers were no more, it would be extremely hard for a regular person to interact with someone from another country.
no two men can be the same.
my little brothers like to play shooting games on the computer, they are only years old!
now like i stated before censorship is ok when needed, because censorship can get carried away as well.
beautiful flowers around their neck.
some parents let their kids watch certain movies that maybe other parents wouldn't.
in it is banned because of animals talking.
a speech on the doctor.
a book represents a person's beliefs and feelngs about a topic.
on computers you can read biographies of them, or watch videos of whay they did to become famous.
on festivals like christmas, mr. david arranges for a get-together for all the neighbors in the common park.
when you dont go to practice you will not sweat and therefore gain extra weight.
do you want to pay for a machine that makes your extremley whealthy?
i think all movies, music, and books are acceptable.
you can't just take books off the shelves, just because they offened you.
anyone who has a brain can relize that computers are a positive in todays society.
also some books help prepare a person for the outside world.
one the most important reasons why people need computers is because computers can help you learn about and research other things going on in the world.
secondly, i believe computers is a positive effect because you can learn stuff from it and how to's to make life easier.
they teach hand-eye coordiantion, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and allow them to talk online with other people.
i'm sure most of you like to play games, so why not try it.
dear local newspaper, computers are used everyday by millions of people.
there are also freedoms in the that grant us freedom of speech.
over time, libraries have been used as a big resource when doing reports, researching, renting movies and simply trying to find something new to read.
so hoped you enjoyed my essay and you've learned something .
not only if your childs school gets computers will benefit you guys alot.
some people were basically born with hand-eye coordination, but most people weren't, like me, for example.
but mr. kailash is my best neighbor.
interacting with friends and family is always a .
this is one situation why computers have fantastic effects on people in everyday situations.
i honestly never seen someone on the computer for.
but don't use a computer!!!
even though the actual computer is inside the fun and creativity can be whenever a person wants it to be.
the teenage section is for me!
they teach hand-eye coordination give the ability to learn about faraway places and people and allow people to talk online with other people.
first off, the libraries could censor they put out on the selves.
vertual harrasment is another thing to be aware of.
keep there bank acounts full and there identity safe.
i might not be making much sense but being with family in person is better than instant messaging someone you just meet who lives half way across the world!
so i think computers are a huge benefit.
all i had to do was do around an hours amount of research on 's coulture and history.
like in the beginning, computers help us learn, keep in contact with people, and are our future.
computers help people learn more and get a better education for themselves.
eighth grade teacher.
could get included in and join activity.
i do believe libraries shouldn't even have that in where children can reach them or even in the library period.
you ask what it is i am speaking about.
being on such sites has taken up time that could be spent in other areas, such as family, friends and school.
but if we did no have this book we would be sure to expect another on our hands.
we should do thorough calculations and also we should do a thorough survey.
and people really wouldn't want that.
why censor things?
most media and books have things uncensored for many different reasons and i think its going good.
we citizens are allowed the right to make our own choices and in libraries, the should be allowed to read or watch whatever they want.
in a time of pain all you want is a friend.
another good thing that people enjoy about these computers is because they can send things to one another, lightining because of email.
well now i'm going to tell you about a few games you can play on the computer.
dear local news paper i think the computers benefits society.
of all the recreations that men indulge in, a morning walk is the most rewarding.
not sleeping is my biggest concern though, when they are up all nite on that stupid thing, oh gosh don't get me started.
that's why they should not watch it.
i belive that families need to eat dinner together and have at least one hour with one another.
a concern i have of the computer is that people are becoming to addicted to computers.
the worst is probably watching bad things.
he has two little ears.
there is nothing to do about that, and it's not a bad thing.
take my story for example.
it's now or neve to choose what you want to do with your life.
another thing computers allow us to do is check the news.
computers are great for work.
student and employees use for everything from writing a paper to creating a presentation.
if that doesn't benefit the society, than nothing does.
because of saearch engines and websites, you can type in whatever you want to look up.
and the man at the wheel of the striped car won the race.
just because someone takes offense at something doesn't make it wrong.
going on the computer can also be very addicting.
theres more adult books than little kids books.all i have to say is that watch what your kids read.
music should have meaning and instead of blood and killing it should be about the better things in life.
with the internet, people are able to read almost any book right on their computer.
after all, the materials they see, read, or listen to is for their own benefit, their own learning, and for their own entertainment.
i like to hang out with my friends and in order to do that you have to make plans.
when he realized this he rearanged his schedual so we could have more time together.
but also give what point of view i feel about the books that are on these shelves.
students keep their essays, study guides, and home work updates on files in the .
is ridiculous how much things have changed in just years.""
but what if we didn't have the computer?
computers help us with our job, school, work ect.
dear , a teanger growing up in this technologic era society, i think computers are more harmful than helpful.
there wouldn't be microwaves to cook canned food with.
everyone has an opinion, and watching out for your children is understandable.
so, in my opinion, i think computers are a good thing to have.
what i've noticed about people who stay online a lot is that they get sick more often.
machines are a very bad influence on people.
thank you for taking time to read my letter.
users of the computer can get feedback from essays, support to something new, and even boost self confidence.
some people just wish to get there thoughts out and share their message with other people.
first, alot of people don't like computers because they say ther're to confusing.
many people also use the internet for communication purposes.
dear local newspaper, i has come to my attention that many of us disagree on weather computers have a negative or positive effect on people.
they also give us the ability to search topics we want to know more about or a faraway place we've never been to.
you gotta admit, although you would like your kids to have freedom, all of them are responsible enough to handle .
so no, i dont think anyone should have the right to remove anything from anywhere just because they personally find it offensive.
school libraries and public libraries are completely different places of literate and media content.
the "" me, i dont know to use one.""
thats almost half of it going to one thing.
in my opinion, i think that some people use and rely on computers too much.
for example, if someone found the interesting they want to just do some research to learn more about it.
if ther is a vris you might want shut off the computers so it does not get worse.
if you can't find a job you can go online and find some.
i believe that computers have a baseline effect on people.
many people hear that sentence more than once everyday.
there is an answer for this, books should not be burned they are master pieces.
he never found the diamond but his son who searched it on the internet found out the root geo from meant underground in ancient culture.
you're not hanging out with you friend if you are chatting on .
if you don't have a phone, you use a computer to go on your email, or personal websites.
i.ms a way of finding what's happening world wide & breaking news.
however, that same cover be interesting to a young adult because he be into surfing, suntanning, or .
but mainly because of the recent issue.
i am going to list a couple of ways that i think censorship is bad and also why it is good.
the students in schools today are the future leaders of the world.
this has also helped us in wars.
they let family members stay in touch, they teach you skills, and they are efficient for work while being environmentally friendly.
last reason is you need a computer to put music on your players.
there, he was expected to stay for about a fortnight.
what kids read is shaping their minds for their future.
""i can use computer anywhere i like,"" says .
it's not just kids who have droped family time for computer time.
i will tell you some of the reasons why i this.
so who would have negative effects of the computer.
when other might argue to it is a good thing for people to learn about the different types of place's in the world.
such as online classes, matchmakeing, jobs, and so much more.
computers are also needed to do research for school projects.
i sincerely hope you share my feelings about this matter.
it is a body of rock and moon dust.
the choice is yours, which side are you on?
you have to watch out for magazines too.
allowing people to remove matieral from our shelves would be breaking the one rule we worked so hard to gain.
google map is the most used place on the , besides e-mail.
not everybody is true over the computer.
not only that but, u can also learn more about technology.
there are some good ones out there if u look.
i do not think doing that would be a good decsion.
no you can't.
your family is much more important than a silly computer game.
on a computer you see something on the monitor and you can click it without looking down at the mouse to click.
some people use it as pleasure and build hand-eye coordination.
it is only right to keep these bad influences away until they are able to handle things so violent or misfortunate.
some might meet some random people online and give them personal info.
if our world was based off of the opinions of others and making everyone happy we would have music.
you can surf the internet, talk to people, and much more from the comfort of your bedroom.
yet, one thing kids love to do on the computer is comunicate with their friends.
people in the can play games and chat with people in , , and even !
the only person who can let you be offened is yourself, therefore censorship is not necessary in the library people just need to be mature about it.
you type in something you will get what you were looking for.
then they invite you to do activities and.
there will always be something in the world you do not like.
is teachers want some students to go on a website to learn something it is a very helpful source.
in respect for others i think we can turn down the radio, don't make comments to movies, and don't be immature with the books.
in other words nature is very nice and you should set out and enjoy it.
if the content is too offensive then it should be removed but only under special circumstances.
in these websites, people share their information.
write to your local newspaper.
people rather marry a computer character than actually communicate with real people.
however, i understand why someone would oppose than.
so i decided to stop.
this is a movement that should change the opinion of many, do people spend to much time on computers?
everyone has their own style, everyone likes different things and has different opinions.
then those figures add up then finally you struck out and it's gone.
that idea is a seed and we can either choose to water that seed and let it grow or cause it to die out.
dear newspaper, i think that computers have a negative impact on society.
on the internet course!
the way this world is coming to, seems like they 't really mind who sees their product, as long as are buying their product.
in basketball you need to be able to look up and dribble at the same time.
they have a great significance for students.
i think that everyones opinion is different about some books getting removed from the library.
computers help prevent this in several way.
computers haven't just changed personal lives.
it is also much faster to send someone an email than a letter.
nowadays, people just give out information to random people.
also i think computer's are not good because computer's lead to no good so keep your child away from computers.
the sun is at the center, and the planets revolve around it.
types of genres include 'adult', 'young adult' and 'children' sections in libraries and book stores.
that over of the people innew say that they are putting on a lot of waight and turning obeast.
i'm just looking out for their safety.
the first reasons is when in your school you have homework, work, project or something like that the computer help you a lot.
cadets and the scouts gave a salute to the chief guest.
also the fact you that if your typing without making is also helping because it makes your hand easier to move.
i will never forget this trip in my life.
dear , the effects computers hace on society is a mixture of positive use and negative use.
while your fingers know what to do.
the school bell goes for the lunch break.
computers really help the elderly out a lot.
it's a gorgeous day.
thus computers are vital to as humans.
dr. covered this article on the topic of computer usage.
a song can a as much as it can take one away.
personally, i believe that computers benefit the society for many reasons.
your outside about a few hours.
if there was one thing that i could tel the world it would be dont be offened by what people say to you.
i believe that these three reasons are the main reason we use computers today.
thats a very good number, but the average person woh types could write in in i have.
but i don't go on it , like some people.
well, you can visit some cousins on the weekends.
the computer have lots of information, but there is nothing that you can't find in a book.
there's probably a chance she won't ever talk to ou again.
do you want your nine year old talking and reading about inappropreite subjects such as sexual relationships or language?
some topics include; slavery, abuse, war, and discrimation.
adults know more about the harmful language, but why influence them to write the bad things or comment using mean tones.
other animals that give us milk are sheep, goat, and camel.
well, some people already are throwing their lives away.
you can not do the thing, in the pleasant air of nature.
any that computers improve education is through online tutors and help sites.
finnaly i think they are helping are society because computers teach great hand-eye coordination.
then i was able to check a book out.
i am not fisned!
there are about two
also local newspaper we need to go and the and go doesn't happen.
in , a girl named was kidnapped and taken to .
that out of member of family learn thing from the computer.
if any material has the potential of being offensive, it is not the library's role to regulate whether or not it is displayed to the public
maybe it is about the people learning to deal with a little criticism.
when students go on the computer they can chat thier friends, listen to music, or learn about distant places.
you can use the internet to communicate with people all over the world.
a computer or laptop can be good talking to friends or family you haven't seen in a long time.
the third reason is that poeple will expierence all of the things you are trying to hide.
we ignore it and watch or read something that we do not find offensive.
the last thing that i am going to talk about is how i feel on censorship in libraries.
now picture this; kids turning in eight page essays to their teachers, when typing it would have taken three.
what would that person do?
some parents do not want their children reading about vampires and werewolves.
computers help people talk online with others.
everyone seemed to be in a hurry!
plus there wont be any of those akward silence moments like there usually seems to be on the phone.
within the each person there is a different color, religion, style, and personalities.
freedom of press is a right not many countries have.
bad influences like that make the children think it's ok to do things like that.there have been children who have killed their parents for a video game.
your right they can't.
you have a pounding head ache and just want to quit, your probably in the libary reading through hundreds of books.
believe it or not, having to type a paper for school helps out alot in hand-eye coordination.
hand-eye coordination is used from day to day everyday.
i wouldn't want my child listening to this type of music, or reading any book that talks about it.
if it were more strict, it would keep our younger children from growing up to fast and keep teens from participating in criminal acts.
don't spend all your time on the computer.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the fact of the computer is that it can be bad for the citizens in in .
other then that i think the computer is a great resource for learning about things and also connecting with people from your past.
it causes individuals to no easy to inappiopriate things.
and last but not the least we have the fitness and wellfare of the people useing computers.
i use them myself as an example i love to download music into my ipod from my computer.
after leaving our gabs in our room we went to disneyland.
he loves the .
the younger ones could be seen roaming about eating their lunch.
i know that when i have time to go on the computer, i am not looking up things to learn.
the thing is that people would also go there and check the books out to sutdy about the old times it's not there to offend people.
this all changed when my dad bought her a lime green, laptop for her birthday.
although most people stay on for long periods of time but they cant stay on all day without say hi to family and talking to them.
people want hang out with friends and famlies.
the downsides of the internet.
he wakes up at dawn and goes to the field.
computers help society do various activities that would be impossible if we didn't have computers.
or what alcohol is?
video chat you can see eacho ther, face book you can share pictures and chat rooms you can talk with multiple people.
scientific studies have shown that the internet has brought people closer than ever before.
but, if kids are introduced early, we would not have to keep it a secret anymore.
exercise will most likely rid you of almost any type of discrimination because you will look no different or even better than the average person.
this fantasy is possible you continue to use computers!
most parents wouldn't like their child to be exposed to these certain materials, so they believe that the libraries shouldn't provide these types of materials.
i felt safe and confident when i went jump to my hamlet.
certain materials are too strong to be put in libraries.
alot of people spend too much time on the internet.
mechanics use the computer to create blueprints, officers use a computer to keep track of all the license plates.
', and that didn't get you anywhere now did it?
this is a messaging tool that lets you talk instantly with friends and even see them with ""video-chatting"".
the thrid reason for the computer is so cool is because in this time you can make the everything thing.
and finally, communication is really easy, with the internet because, there use emails, skypes, chatrooms etc.
computers can make simplier.
history is important to everyone and if we didn't learn about it and they did toss those books out how would we prevent history from repeating itself?
i can't even remember the last time i had a face to face convetation with soemone if i didn't have to.
our country's libraries should pull off inappropriate media from their shelves because it can turn adults into being emotionally unhealthy.
one way that computers benefits our society, is that they complete tasks such as writing a paper, researching information,..etc, much quicker.
my favorite thing is that my parents use e-mail to talk with my grandparents about my birthday presents.
who knows, maybe at this time in years, will be run by computer.
dear local newspaper, has come to my attention that you have asked people to tell their opinions on the effects computers have on people.
there is many benefits to owning a computer.
now if were arguing about the computer then we have a huge problem.
looking out for what are children see is a large matter, the other side though is the thought of people getting ideas from reading more intense books.
so you should watch out because the computer is the only place you can lie.
just sitting there on the computer will get you.
i believe that computers help our society.
my experience and observations about this argument has covered why i, and all of you, should reflect on the views of censorship the approperiate way in libraries.
many people do this in their spare time to try and set up a reunion with people that you know in middle school through college.
my country project year couldn't have had more than pleces of information from a book!
music is a different story.
in my own opinion, computers are great addition to our world.
thirdly, so much money is being used towards computers and not whats truely important!
typing can help majority with this.
and those are people who usually don't have alot of self control.
dear local news papers, i'm writing to tell you that people on the computer is not a bad thing.
now, couple this with bad eyesight, deficiency & a negative outlook & you've got yourself a issue.
the computer is a non-stop generation of intelligence based to help people learn, play and discover.
you would get your way.
on average it takes seconds to find information.
it's as simple as that.
, a physician, told me that people who shop online have less stress than people who go to the store for the same items.
this complicated device can also save files and documents by typing them in so that if it is lost you could just reprint it out.
so have i, my dislikes are many.
and my grandmother use the website skype.com.
an ideal student should have many qualities.
thats a lot of work to write down!
when we go into highschool we will need a computer to suceed.
computers have a positive effect on people.
great masterpiece and rare books are sold at concessional rates.
education just become a whole lot easier thanks to the internet.
sometime those things are peoples life and all they do.
in order for more people to maintain healthy, there needs to be a lot of .
computers do benefit are society.
computers can also be very dangerous.
computer chat and video chat can help the all different nations.
also, as you know child obesety is on the rise, they are more overweight kids then there are then and healthy.
no, because all you have to do is ignore it or not pay any attention to it and it shouldn't bother you that much.
another example is if you had to find some information on you new dog.
it is the parents who should take the books away from the kids.
after jusst a few uses, your computer skills build up and you soon get good at it.
people say so way worse in puplic and do worse things in public.
i strongly believe that people should be given the right to enjoy the materials they take an interest in.
there is email, facebook, and myspace that let you chat with old friends, new friends, or even parents.
the computer that he thought uses helping him wasnt any help at all.
third reason that computers are good for people is that there are many programs that are team based and help people with teamworks and team building skills.
that he almost died most of missed read it.
if people cut back the amount of time indoors, we could probably bring that number way down.
each person has their own interests and should be able to find something in their library to suit their interest.
many libraries contemplate whether or not they should remove an offensive item due to some peoples' opinions.
now, are you for or against this descison of people getting ""hooked"" on computers?
so next time on the computer enjoy it but remember your friends, family and your health is more important.
sometimes, enjoying nature can be difficult but if we all look closer it can be really fun.
music, books,or magazines are okay to be in the library yet alone in the people it self.
if a person is eating unhealthy but sizing.
were did you turn to?
this way all of the material they want can be found in one place, and they won't have to go searching the entire library for it.
they are you will not get nearly the amount of you are supose to.
a lot of the old plays were very sexual and many people find them offensive today.
this whole essay brings me back to the thought that censorship is basically conformism.
secondly, it gives the people the ability to on other cultures or where a is .
this is why i think having a computer is a good things what do you think?
dear newspaper, computers are high tec and have expanded in an everyday thing.
not spending time with family isn't a good thing.
those reasons being that you picked it out yourself and that you have traveled to the library looking for something you will enjoy.
webcamming is a great way of communication.
this is social time lost.
which is very painful.
the children rush out of their classrooms.
i often borrow books from my friends and my school library.
although computer gaming is a big reason why kids go on the computer, bullying is a huge factor along with stranger danger on chats.
with that being said, censorship is overrated, but some of the material at the library are underrated, and that needs to be handled and controlled
such as, this gadget is taking over peoples lives and keeping them from excersizing.
there is one more topic that i know youre going to absoltly love.
i mean come on people, get out and really ""communicate"" , so you bought one of those new lights?
us kids/students in use computers to go on myspace, facebook, and the chat lie.
also, it teaches us to process what is around you and decide in a decision.
they help us with homework, let us talk to friends, and even help us do our projects!
having computers would create more communication with some people and help keep in touch with family members.
one incident of my childhood is indelibly printed in my mind.
my father took me to practice every day.
as technology and computers have advanced, my friend and i text, e-mail, and instant message each other all the time.
some girls even get pragnant right after they have developed and were able to have kids.
although you spend time on the computer, you can contact family and frinds, exercise your brain, and there is time to enjoy nature.
the first reason i think more people should use computers is that they can learn about things that arent taught in.
dear , in my opinion i think we should use computers.
that way you could finish your story in time.
some websites after downloadable songs for free so you don't need to worry about the financial part.
computers also of for the average.
dear , i do not think people use the computer to much.
i just gave you some reasons why i would say that.
i then go and brush my teeth.
i would give my students the real education.
the real world is not censored so books should not be either.
teens want to be able to read about they can relate to, but some of the things in the book can be offensive maybe.
magazines are made for all people to enjoy, that's why there are so many different kinds.
he respects all his elders.
playing catch with their kids or even playing a board game with them.
when he got to the party, everybody began to drink.
we do not deserve offensive books that have bad things in them.
people have the freedom to choose, whether it is books, magazines, movies, or music.
obviously the author doesnt like censorship or she wouldnt be arguing about it.
people should spend less time on the computer.
or even make comedy movies joking over diffent races.
the computer is an great place to look at updated pictures, and learn about your new hometown.
activities can keep people off the computer.
the government also relies highly on the internet.
it would make things was easier and faster to find the book of your selection
simulaters help you design or even controll things.
games are a let alone online .
to start on with, technology has a role in the increasing rate of obesity.
when an artist writes a song, they know that won't be able to be played on the radio if has bad or graphic language.
about of collage students go online and do challenge.
recently it has been brought to my attention that some people agree that some people themselves don't really use computers.
he is strict with those who break discipline.
it presents an opportunity to study human nature.
that leaves us with so much to explore, we just have to keep on eye on the clock.
then there is face book, lets you see what people are doing that day.
there are many search engines on the computer such as ' pile', '', or even the ever most popular ''.
in todays schools, students depend on homework being posted online, and getting their books over the web.
i think that by letting people read those types of books it help us understand and learn what happened in the passed.
so if you do go on the computer not for almost half the day!
these bookos can include very detailed areas about a sex scene.
there is also movies that i don't want my kids to watch, because of the content of the movie.
now magazines on the other hand can be taken either way.
dear local newspaper, to my understanding computers have been putting a bad effect on people of all ages.
by useing computers your hand eye coordination will increase significant key hand eye coordination is used in a lot of sports.
the technology abilities help us with tasks every day.
they need to learn from books so people can learn from history and so that war want happen again.
but when you are exercising then you can go right to youtube and lison to some musick and wach funny videos.
but if you are a teen you should only go on if you have to f you needing the internent or writeing a paper.
he could talk his friends into becoming what he is.
if they didn't people would be able to steal information a lot.
computers help us look information, talk to people around the world, and buy stuff from our house.
this can not be true!
secondly, having a computer will teach you better social skills.
so, in my opinion computers do benefit society.
all you have to do for that is go on the compute and look it up.
it also saves on polution because if a car isn't going out there is less so computers are also saving society as well.
chatting, and e-mailing and video chatting are all great ways to interact.
computers are today a common havar hold item and some people think its bad for socity when in reality its our most useful tool nowadays.
when my sister was picking what college she wanted to go to she didn't know which one to choose.
computers have something to them where somehow the become addictive.
it is not good to sit on the computer.
my answer to you is to not just throw everything out that be offensive, or that you might not want your child to see.
commmunities are spending less time together in real life than on the computer.
they can always be a positive affect on people when they need something.
maybe an alcoholic is at a point in his/her life and is ready to change, and someone has a book about a recovering alcoholic.
yes that is true!
there are various cycle sports at national and international level.
but the question is, should certin materials be taken off the shelfts because they are found offensive?
they go to a friends house and that childs parents don't care and let there child watch anything from @caps5 rated.
dear editor, computers are one of the best things that have ever happened to the human race.
it doesn't belong in a library environment where young kids are roaming around and where they're influenced by it.
for example people who use the computer constently spend less time doing anything else in general.
with a computer you can communcate quicker.
we have no books, thats what.
to me this is an image of selling sex.
they would probably even carry a book perhaps on hats.
just because we try and close our eyes to the realities of the world does not mean that they don't exist.
i've decide to take my creative writing on my laptop and in doing so learned the storm.
censorship won't stop them from moving on to the next movie or book on the shelf that has all these things in them.
he wanted to take me along.
i go to sleep at ten o’clock.
as you can see there are many ways to learn from having computer.
people who use their computers too much can have some harmed side effects, including obesity, red eyes, and even can get cyber bullied.
this can help stores get more business by connecting the buyer to the shop.
also being around computers and using them so much is pulling families further apart and stopping humans from being more interactive with nature and the environment.
another reason to why you should spend more time outdoors than on the computer is because if you don't you will get very very very lazy.
as you can see computers should be used as much as they are being used by the general public.
others use it to find information on things like egypt, where we cant go.
have you ever gone on the computer?
a library in a school is a great way to help sudents with projects, essays, or just to read.
when you are walking around you, you should not be scared to walk by yourself with out getting attacked.
have you listened closely?""
well they can talk and see each other while on video chat and it will feel like still here.
i would not want my year old kid read a book with bad language in it.
whether these things have offense or harsh contents to them, they still prepare and help us to battle through everyday life.
fresh our will help that maybe going to the gym or jog outside for a while.
the parents tell their kid go and start your paper.
finally, if you want to learn how to cook like forgein places do then type in the type of food or its name and search.
many facts needed for school are spread out in hundreds of books.
censorship should not be allowed in libraries because it shows a form of disobedience.
you look at the screen, type your words, look at the screen again, while clicking your mouse.
for example .com, people/kids have one of those?
how could children stay on the computer when there in school learning?
censorship in libraries limits what people can enjoy.
my first reason, is that important people around the world used computers to have a better future on life.
computers also help kids spell better.
also travels on the internet then on or .v.
the computer can give us alot of useful information that can benefit us in the future.
computers are being used for more then just work.
here are some reasons why i think that computers have good effects on people.
we have plenty of means of communication, such as ways like maybe writing a letter to someone?
it is up to you to decide wheather or not to come about the situation.
i said to my mom ""i think we should have an hour two of the computer each night, or not have one at all.""
i do not believe that certain materials should be exterminated from the shelves if they are found offensive.
well theres one of the reasons and i when my parents were kids that they had no computers and they went outside to enjoy nature.
more than out of people in my school say they have one of these accounts and have personal posted on them.
by doing this you also become detatched which is never a good thing.
but what if a close friend moves away?
we are a family of five members- my grandfather, my father, my mother, and my sister.
also you can entertain you over long trips.
we should have it because we can chat with our friends and family, noone would get bored doing nothing and we learn new things from different websites.
also, doesn't typeing your newspaper articles make it more organized and quicker to print them?
although on my computer i can actually see her on my screen.
the teachers sit in the staff room.
now is the time to stop using computers!
you stay in touch, while enjoying their company.
also some people need their computers for their jobs.
computers can keep you in with family and friends.
""technology,"" she says, "" computers, which take away all of the motivation and time people need to .""
i believe by !
in conclusion, i believe that the children now a days that are exposed to any type of offensive things should know the meaning behind it.
so what else did they say?
a computer also lets me learn mopre about what the healthcare bill actually is and how it affects me.
you can talk to people the faraway you lose.
i know i get home from school i can talk to virtually any friends online.
and even if they are it's for studying learning of catching up with old friends.
i simply want the people of this community to stop and consider what is easily available for our children to obtain.
i jumped down.
if someone was planning a trip to they would check the internet often.
hand eye cordination and typing with computers can lead to a succesfull life.
for movies i think they should have an age limited for children.
a semi hit him in the left side of his car.
, its simple.
there are 's of 's of them scattered all across the web.
you can type up a page essay if you wish.
what would some buisnesses do.
as you can see for my reasons above, the computer has an effect on people.
if we eliminated books from this section because they are being censored, we will end up with even less teens that read.
computers are excellent for students that play the piano, like me.
the sons and daughters are always quarreling among themselves.
clearly this is inappropriate behavior for a child.
well if you are than you need to listen to this upcoming message.
i think it has a positive affect.
plus, the more people buy and use computers the more company are going to want to invent new ones.
a policeman is a familiar figure.
even though im not the biggest fan of reading but i will sometimes pick up a book that has things for me to learn in it about an engine.
for example the author of the book or magazine some how relates to them, and they probably made it so other people could relate to them also.
my first reason is that parents do a lot of work on computer.
well then think about it on computer is your only option left.
people will: watch, listen, read anything.
it told me the address the phone number and the name of the manager.
someone have an opinion about how the material is offensive, but if its so offisive why do they bother even complaining or thinking about it.
some people would probably understand that some of those could hurt someones feelings or be offensive to other people but then theres other ones that dont care.
there is no longer a need to interact with other life forms, nor is there a want to.
and watch movies.
many reasons support censoring for minor offenses such as: inappropriate language in songs, books, movies, and magazines.
the biggest one is typing.
its horrible and you don't feel like yourself anymore.
family time is so critical in anyone's life.
however, there is a program on the computer called synewnisia.
nothing should be romoved from the library because of its content.
however, none or which help these people get or stay healthy and in shape.
technology ruined my childhood as a kid and without it you get to open up the real importance of life.
i veherrertly believe that computers benefit.
finally, people should stop using computers as much as they are now, in order to keep their safety safe.
now we could be talking about at the very least.
i appreatiate your time and understanding of my letter!
people need to take it upon themselves and understand what they can and cannot handle, and then apply that to their daily lives.
i say it is a disadvantage because a lot of people are on the computer and they don't get a lot of exercise.
no, i do not feel like every type of movie, or book, etc., belongs in the library.
video games also require parental consent depending on the rating of the game.
at times people do not close the taps open.
a lot of people say that kids shouldn't play computer games but some of them are educational.
reason two is that they can be great knowledg for people.
as technology to affect our lives, we used to remember that being healthy is more important than sitting on a computer all day.
well all you need is a computer.
you can go on a computer and search natrual disasters like earthquake, earthquake, or information about the tsunami that hit .
who can erase the horrifying stories of abduction from their memories?
lastly, a computer is another resort to go to when trying to accomplish something, because there is always something on the internet that will help you.
's now a never!
to begin, computers help you learn new things.
the popular book to a was banned at one time in the simply for using the 'n-word'.
authors of the books should not be punished for what they choose to write about by taking their books out of the library.
being on the computer all the time isn't doning anyone good.
some places say that computers can help with your hand-eye-coordination, but how can a computer help you with that?
everyone enjoys having a computer.
the reason why this occurs is because while people are on the computer chair you feel so relaxed and calm that you don't want to get up.
in my opinion, computers are one of the most important things to a person.
the trees looked green.
visit a local park or play a sport for fun.
i strongly believe that books with offensive things should be pulled out the library.
computers can let you communicate faster, you can play all sorts of games for , and it provides information.
it is very hard to come across a inapropiate book without looking for it on purpose.
so how can we help to solve this problem?
if kids were reading books that the author found offensive, they should get rid of them.
but because of the advances in technology, running a business can become much easier and not as much time is wasted.
do parents ever realize what they're getting their children into when they teach them how to use a computer though.
many people find this movie funny and entertaining.
there are many other uses is you just can't find your family is counting on you.
i hope you you have taken my side on this judgement for it is very important to me.
if you want to learn something new or meet new people then i suggest you stop eating those chips, get off that couch and use the computer.
i asked question like ""what do you do at home?
it is important that computers stay in our lives, they are helpful and we have learned to live with them, which is why they must stay.
so parents please tell your children if they need to spend less time on the computer.
in public libraries though, these books should not be censored.
i love all of his books but these ones are the best.
too much time on the computer can interfere with physical activities, social time, and health issues.
we have a gas stove.
so basicly we aren't going to stop this completely and you all should know that.
it's just sitting in front of a screen talking to people you not even know too well.
dear , computers these days have made positive changes to all of our every day lives.
every one’s work is no one’s responsibility.
this way information is never censored completely.
year old would rather talk to his girlfriend on the computer than spen time with this .
i talk to him while he's away and were almost together.
we cannot ban books and other media because we think they are inapproriate for a situation.
what if someone didn't like a book that you loved?
so if you are ever wondering weather or not to buy a computer i suggest you get one!
not only that but you can also meet new friends on the computer by talking about games or popular .v.
dear : you recently posed a question in you newspaper.
the effects that computers have on people is that some people can't stop using them even if they want.
take music for example.
also, when you see on the internet you can get real time updates of major events in the world.
hi my name is i have a couple topics that i would like to talk to you about.
just because one person finds something offensive does not mean the next person that comes in will.
a recent study showed that of kids would rather be bullied in face then over the internet.
computer are a great resource in our everyday lives so why not use what we were given.
do i think offensive materials should be removed from libraries?
studies done at show that of kids under the age of are obese or at the risk of becaming obese because they are not getting enough exersice.
but technology can also be distracting.
have you ever watched or seen a book or even a movie that you do not think kids should be reading or watching?
everywhere we look today things are being censored and 'cleaned up' to make others happy who be offended by whatever it is they are censoring.
it can be used for so many things, you can also purchase items over the computer.
well here's this people are starting to not want to ride their bikes anymore.
from children's books, to love stories and people's magazines, newspapers, movies, and music.
your well only get up and go to the bathroom, and eat, they will only do stuff that is in the house.
they can look at houses, the wonders of the world, and much more computers give people the opportunity to learn about so much more.
jobs that would normally take hours of researching and calling can be done in minuets for less using the computer.
almost every person in the world has heard, said, or seen something that they shouldn't have.
personally i believe in censorship, but to others, its a waste of time.
the internet is a wide ocean of pictures, wordes, and sounds.
the doctors set up a computer equipped with video chat in the operating room and the soldier was, in a way, in two places at once.
dad starts to talk to the guy but he doesn't seem to notice dad because he was so focused on .
some things are needed to look up or look at if one is doing a project.
of people that have computers use them for media or fun reasons, like gamelry, or to go on to youtube.
lastly all this communicating is great because you dont have to travel to communicate with someone the world is more eco-friendly.
for instance, making a power point for jobs or just slideshows of a party in your back yard.
before i began communicating with my computer talking to others was much harder to do.
he discovered how to send radio signal by using invisible electric waves.
if you need direction you can print them out off the internet.
all of them should their should'nt be one computer with negative effects on people.
in my opinion, although computers help with certain everyday life, i think that it gives one negative effects.
one the only ways she can contact her father is through .
the is a big part in history and it being catorgorized as offensive is wrong, it's not the only thing in history that is bad.
schools should be a place for either all books or a place for no books at all.
that was part of our grade in our english class.
when they look at magazines or listen to music, they make discissions that could effect the rest of their lives.
why they wrote it that certain way.
teens have computer every week.
although, they should always make time go outside, hang out with friends, ect.
from there, can look at different topics in a wide spread point of view.
the internet is like thousands or librarys put together.
so i would go with both sides.
that is why i see computers as a positively amazing thing.
there was no wind.
if children watch a scary movie, then nightmares seem to occur more often.
he listeans to his friends talking about drinking alchol and how much fun is it.
young boy has never been introduced to such racism.
as you can see computers can be seen in a very possotive manner.
i know from experience that being active and going outside or exercising really makes you feel good.
dear newspaper, i don't think there should be censorship at all.
for example, what food people eat in different countrys, or where that country is.
you know a large portion of people think this is harming our society.
in other words there is a definite connection between computers and global warming.
dear, i am writting this article on computers to inferm you my oppinun on computers positive and negotive efects.
a farmer is an able person.
if you ask me, computers are going to soon be a big problem in our lifestyles.
your body will be unhealthy and out of shape.
it grows in trees.
some can even memorize the key board and not have to even look down.
these computer websites are allowing anyone to talk in people who could have the interest in mind.
we can go the web and facilitate our life.
my second reason is you can have fun.
i think that all offensive materials should be removed from librarys so every one can read a book listen to music and watch movies with out being offended.
we how you, computers make life better and much easier.
and that such a person should 'put the shoe on the other foot' as the saying goes and try to see from other people point of view.
in my opinion, the computer has been one of the best technologies in history.
dear newspaper, a family.
people go on every day uploading videos, pictures, blogs, and just about what ever they want.
and on computers you could go on everything like , , , , and even work on the computer.
how would they complete their work?
i saw a young kangaroo in his mother’s skin pouch.
stating with socialization, skipping down to studies and ending right on jobs and and bye's front steps.
when they are expected, they do not cause much harm.
in conclusion, computers have a positive effect on people and it could save a person from losing things that are.important to themselves or others.
it happens every day, every place.
dear local newspaper i think that kid's should be alowed to go on here computers.
if we keep improving technology you will be able to do alot more than you can do now.
now with the internet we can learn around the world what is happening ware you want to know. ""
a recent poll was taken and over of people who use their computers for more than hours a day have gotten glasses.
the computer has a lot to do with that.
if we 't want them to read or to even hear them i think the censorship is a great thing in ways.
do you really want to travel up to the icey cold, and piercing winds of the just to learn about it?
people need to cut down on the electronics.
since my schedule is so busy after school.
i think things that are offensive should and shouldn't be taken off.
in that economy it's really hard to find a job.
but in other cases like be unite with family can be very helpful.
anyone who has a problem with something should just not read it and leave it alone.
i believe computers are a benefit to society.
also when its a cold and rainy day you can occupy youself by playing different games and also you can check the news and forecast for tommorrows weather.
with out this wouldn't we be back into the old ways that fought to change?
it saves peoples time and lets them do other things except have to drive somewhere to give a letter to them.
for example when i was in grade i would go to the libary in my .
computers can be used to learn hand-eye coordination, and help you move your fingers faster.
i think that if it wasn't for computers we wouldn't have much nature to enjoy anyway.
another great effect of people on computers is socializing and having fun.
he lifted the cover of the basket.
he stood up hours using and didn't even write his essay.
without computers we would not have some of the knowledge we have .
that was faster then two hours i'm guessing.
i, for one do not.
if they didn't have anything to read that they could relate to hardly anyone would read.
this also helps people who are shy get married and start a family.
not only do computer help out educationally' they are probably the must well known information centers.
and in concultion put yourself in the same shoes or even my shoes.
sitting at home on the couch eating a bag of potato chips.
i know so many people who use computers instead of doing homework and getting fresh air.
and movies sold to aldults and aldults only.
sitting in your room, bored?
you can find things to do, by just typing it into the computer.
many would want to take this book off the shelves of all libraries.
many books have been on the banned book list.
your opinon you should think of there maturity level, aslo they can learn from other peoples mistakes, and it would educate people.
and so what, its their time and they want to spend it on the computer.
so as i restate, computers might seem okay and i guess they aren't all bad, but they are not my cup of coffee.
we have no time to visit them.
basicly giving you all the material for an a. if your paper hasn't come yet, the internet has the times and more!
he arranges the letters in order.
if they do not like the music, novels, movies, etc.
when you were little, didn' you need help?
keep these items on the shelves!
dr. says, "" close with familys and friends not only important for you you health.""
which helps in most cases.
well, i disagree with this statement.
finally, comunication with friends.
most athletes have to stay fit and healthy to play in there sport.
i think that computers are causing way too many problems and peerhaps, with some consideration my evidence, you could come to think the same.
kids and teens need to grow up if they can't read a book without being inmature about it than don't read it.
without them, newspaper could not print, teachers could not communiacte, and students couldn't complete tasks for school.
lastly, all people in school use computers to do projects, for instance had horrible hand writing and this was the bigest project of the year.
but one day the dark colored dog was lefted out in the cold while a loving family toke in the white dog , into their warm home.
i think computers is a big effect on people today and this effect should be solved!
that material is the life blood of our society.
i do not agree that computers are benefiting our society because as people use computers more they exercise less causing them to be unhealthy.
even though you know its not there, but you just looking and you end up finding whatever it is you where looking for.
it's not like they're actually doing what's going on in the book.
many people like many diffrent things.there is no reason to only sell what you like.
they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and even allow people to talk online with other people.
if people gain the right to take books off shelves then music, movies, magazines will all get taken off shelves too.
in conclusion, spending time on the computer is not bad, just dont spend hours-upon-hours on it.
there are over quests, and there are never fewer than people playing at a time.
they don't go out to camp, play outside; they don't do nothing.
there are also things parents can do to ensure that the books their children are reading are appropriate and not offensive.
nowadays people write quicker and can write full words and sentences.
whats on television be considered 'street smart' education but that is good.
however, i am having a change of heart.
they publish many advertisements.
then we saw rhinos and giraffes.
everyone has different beleafs on things.
also if you having a piece of writing like your rough draft so why spend the time trying to write really neat and perfect?
this way, you have more time to get extra from teachers on instrument in the school band.
you know what i mean gamers, and addicts.
kids can use this as sample/model essay and write your own essay.
people getting caught up on the , or people not having enough money to explore the world, so they just be on the .
some of these reasons are frivelous and should not keep a book from reaching it's full potential.
we must look kindly upon the advancement and miracle invention known as the computer.
there are many different types of books, music, movies, magazines,ect., that fill the shelves of libraries and stores across the country.
the computer is like a drug, you can get on the computer one time, then your just going to want to stay on ti everyday all day.
just because some people do not like the content that they hold, doesn't mean that can't be helpful or entertaining to others.
computers only away from that kids well be on facebook instant of eating a nice meal with thier family.
first family friends can communicate from a far distance.
some of us do like those kind of movies or book or even magazines and think that is very cool or interesting
then controll the robot that makes your to the that saves lifes so with all this said i would lie to say thanks or listening and go computers!
the two girls did unaproprient things on the webshows such as, flashing, dirty dancing, and showing body parts.
this is why is think computers don't do good they do more harm in my personal opinion.
enjoy ment is the teen favort.
first off, people have an option of looking at those things on the shelves or on the internet.
a computer offers no face to face interaction.
on , there is an application called i-chat which allows me to talk with brother and see him as if he were home with me.
it could be addicting and you might rely on it ""once a to kill himself because he dident have his computer"".
they might think that it takes away time from nature, friends and family.
some spend years trying to perfect their masterpieces.
these are reasons.
as a child, it is a time to learn life lessons and begin to form clear distinctions between right and wrong.
yes, there should computer are good things and are good help.
also, if you were going to , but you knew nothing about you wouldn't be very confident about going.
you can search what thet wear and what holdays those people celebrate.
now computers aren't all bad, just use them right.
people can you their time wisly on the computer.
books, music, movies, magazines, etc.
these books can cause children to use it in action, to show it off to other peers, and to hurt them as well.
what happens when are forced out into the real world and cant really do anything?
not everytime when you need information the computer won't give it to you.
it is the adult's responsibility if they do not want their children to watch movies that are for mature viewers.
says "" have shown that people who type or use a computer have better reflexes than those who don't.""
in i belive that have bad effect on people, they get distracted on them at work.
you don't know who they realy are, where they realy live, or their real age.
last but not least you could just enjoy it.
we are just taking away something that is really big to us , and without those books there is no history for us to study.
i know when i get bored i go on the computer and play a game called .
with computers you can , or onstant message people with any costs.
they can find out what the weather is like so they know how to puck when going places.
using computers teaches hand-eye coordination, gives people the ability to learn about faraway places and people, and lets people talk online with other people.
also by online chatting survices like facebook, myspace, instant messaging, and more.
the time has come to decied.
he also sells seasonal fruits like mangoes.
it keeps people socialy capable and active, and allows people to connect with others.
what choice are you choosing for you life?
we are already in a recession we dont need more trouble.
this effect is positive because it helps everyone stay in touch.
who hasn't ever played a game on a computer?
deciding whose responsibility that is can be a difficult task.
lastly, i believe that the less time we spend would help us and be so much better.
but 's not the librarians' fault, different people like different books, that's a library has many, many choices when comes to books.
i professionals say that of kids have researched a project online then used a print source and found that information to be false.
i hope you think of computers the way i, and millions of other people, do.
i use to spend three hours online everyday.
the ability for an average person to learn has greatly increased.
most of use portables which goes back to my last paragraph.
he escaped just in time to stop one of his kids from going to an illegal party.
taking away the art that some find offensive would not be fair to those who enjoy it.
so i logged on to the computer and it brought me to a million pages on their culture, language, and much more.
i don't do drugs, i'm not into sexual things, so why would it hurt if i read books about it?
the roads were damaged due to the heavy and continuous rain.
they can also correct spelling mistakes as well as prevent mistakes in legibility.
and search information in just a couple of clicks.
says that ""because i got on the computer i didn't have the personality but i feel like a whole person.
and not only that but you can also check the highway for traffic so you wouldn't be stuck there.
it would be a good thang to try for a wiyel.
could use it for related .
there was no mishap on the way.
most website like is now in danger.
personally in my family, me and my brother believed in for many years.
if you live miles and miles away you can easily show your friends the things you've been doing or your new baby boy.
self expression would go out the window because people would be scared of being deemed 'inapropriate.'
i hope what i have just explained now helps me make my.
but, i say they are wrong.
computers are also very helpful to everyone because it is great for researching facts, or even just looking for somewhere to go on vacation.
yes offensive things shouldnt be celebrated or looked upon as good but people should know.
computers have endless posibilities to how they can benifit our society.
do you have family or friends who 't live around here that you want to keep in touch with?
get on, and get goin.
even though books, magazines and even some movies might offend some people, that doesn't mean they should be tooken off the shelf.
owning a computer improves the way you use your hands in other activities too.
now the content of some books are not always appropriate.
there is no need to over react to words on paper.
we don’t get any food if there is no water.
what would people have to read when those books tell us about what went on in the early days, such as slavery, automobiles, and etc.?
more than people in the world have computers.
many people have calenders in their computers that send you reminders on your schedule.
when books, music, movies, and magazines are censored, the freedom of speech that the author had is being diminished.
when people talk to each other via text message or e-mail there is no emotional sense.
they do not get any help from their parents or brothers and sisters.
overall, i think that books, music, movies, and magzines shouldn't be censored.
there should be a certain age when a child reads or see's certain things.
what im talking you guys is take the computer away or.
personal computers have a very negative effect toward the society of today.
are always going to be obesse people around the world but in the past years has doubled the amount of obese in all of .""
if they don't like to read persuade them to try it.
in , we have the right to speak our minds.
if it is not age approprite, then do not watch it, or let your children.
you can go on the internet, play games and even talk with people.
facebook, , .
first reason is that you will need to use a computer in everyday life.
lastly computers are get because they allow you to talk to people online.
let man choose what is intolerable to him.
i've always had a to football but i could find the time to play with my brother.
you can get some weights and exercise in your room.
i believe this because every year new and exciting and websites are created and make life easier.
life is so much easyer when u dont cry over every little thing that someone said to you.
he never gets irritated and does his best for the sick.
also some of the information might not even be true.
new read on for reason.
your friends are going to start pulling away from you.
using computers is an easy way to talk with friends.
were all so busy running to check our e-mail, we don't notice a beautiful day it is outside.
as such, architects have created what be called 'anti-monuments', commemorating a void to posterity to memorialize what was lost.
i think if you are reading or watching it, then it is at your own fault if you are offended by it.
you've got mail!
no mind is the same, so no mind will ever like exactly the same thing.
nothing can justify removing things from the stores and the world because one group of people don't understand it enough to feel the same and agree with it.
with a computer you can have ways to comunicate.
do you think that these golden ideas are bad for our society?
in conclusion dont listen to the experts they dont know what their talking about, for all we know they use the computer more than we do.
the reason why i know this is because they're my friends.
like you can email them webcam chat and you can instant message them.i think a lot of people should get into because you can do everything on them.
here is the more and more people use computers, but not every one agrees that this benifits society.
so i think that computers deffinetly have more of a positive effect on society then a negative one.
in my opinion we should get rid of computers in every house.
my grandpa was a veteran and he saw a bad and got so upset he cursed at the and almost threw the remote at it.
in conclusion, i belive that libraries should not take off any material from their shelves that are found offensive.
they are the ones who are raising the kids, not the library.
there would be chaos and nobody would be able to live or even exist peacefully.
my second idea is computers do alot of things for us.
yes some of these way can be dangerous but, are safe.
library is also filled to capacity during lunch hour.
using things like , , , and video chat.
there is so much to learn on a computer.
both teachers and students have benefited.
even small research projects like ""who founded "" can easily be found with one quick google search.
lastly, computers just help for the need of entertainment for people.
censorship in libraries will always be changing.
the internet, however has made it quick and easy to talk to people online.
there's plenty of other stuff to do than play on the computer.
computors are also addictive.
they might not agree on the point of the book or certain viewpoints in the text.
i believe they greatly benefit society.
i loved the place so much that i would like to visit it next year too.
also it does not matter at all if i had to pay a late fee for the books that i checked out from the library.
when you get older you'll be learning more about these kinds of technology.
you can talk to that person and find many race.
i remember when my cousin moved away.
they are cheaper, more accurate, and don't kill your cells!
there simply would be nothin left.
the computer is one of the greatest techlonagicly advances to this day.
if one parent finds something to be offensive or inappropriate, they shelter their children from it.
a lot of blondes i know, don't take those jokes seriously.
most people even eat in their room so they can talk to people.
so dont worry that page paper, you can just type it and with some softwear, you can even your paper edited right on the spot.
in reality, they don't want to leave it.
do you want a world full people who have their eyes glued to a computer screen?
for example or use technology to type in peoples orders, and amount they pay.
sports take alot of practice, and are way is computer games though i bet you didn't know , these games help you develope hand-eye coordination.
being the baby of the family, he is everyone’s favorite.
most likely, he'll be reading a mystery book, or something appropriate for his age not for someone that's five.
in conclusion, computers are horrid for people.
we use to put it in chets and hide them now all we do is click and type in a securty number.
well, i do.
i use the computer without a break for multiple have i get a terrible headache because my eyes can't take any more of it. ""
others should ruin the experience by marking the words out.
some peoples might be talk to their family members.
obviously, the later of the is much more reasonable.
they would rather and email than go outside and excersize in the cool, crisp, fresh air.
this is why computers are valuable to everyday life.
with better hand-eye cordination, being able to talk your friends, and being able to learn the computer benefits society.
some people have family in the war who they don't see for months or maybe years.
all are very fun things to that you could be missing out on learning of the computer.
censorship of offessive materials is unnecessary.
also, you can learn about local upcoming events, and about the world around you.
even i talk online all the time.
for example, peopel might come to you and say do you have a so and so and sya can i get your eamail address.
now if they have graphic movies or explicit music on the shelf where your little son/daughter can just grab, i could see that as a major issue.
you could gain loads of knowledge and make interaction with others easier with a click of the cursor.
this all brings up one of the worlds greatest questions.
the less time people spend outside the more energy is being wasted.
's been proven that of information found on is true.
i honestly have not seen a in a school library, but its probly because i did not spend much time lookin for it.
my first reason is that computers let you learn about different places and people around the world.
for some books, this can take years.
i never would have though it would have been that bad because of its rating.
it's now or never should 'people spend more time on or more time exercising.
i should probably start rapping things up.
people should be able to read and listen to stuff without being offended by it.
with a click of a mouse you can virtually have the whose world at your fingertips!
it's always important to stay fit and healthy.
my cousin lives in , so i don't see him a lot.
you can not go walking down the street and expect a loud beep to randomly play over someone's foul banter everytime they curse.
he can say anything to anybody.
also, if a person has a problem with books or any other sources then complain but the libraries should not remove it from the shelf.
the bad thing about computers are hackers and people that wont get off their computers.
inacent people do not deserve what people received in the past.
just because somebody running a library belives a book to be offensive or innappropriate, does not mean the book should be taken off the shelf.
for example materials can be catorgorized by maturity level.
just go to your teachers home page and just print your homework.
they need to be senting work to other companies over sea's or just down one float.
doing wat you are doing.
also computers can mak sure that a operating room is completly sterial which reduces risks of infection.
every place these days has censored books, cd's, video games, ect.
the material they choose to read is their own choice.
i would have friendly relations with the members of my staff.
people are concerned that too many people are spending too much time on their computers.
but most people aboose that privilage and go one other websites that have nothing to do with there reserech.
sometimes mine is ridiculous!
if you ask me i think that is a positive effect computers have.
you can have huge bills for things you didn't even buy!
students can now search the intrenet and learn about different places, things in history, how to read and write bette, etc.
movies and music are a great way to kick back and relax after a long day, unless your kids are around.
security, jobs, bills, school, contacting, games, everything.
if we didn't have computers then friendships would break, grades would decrease, and hand eye cordination would plummit.
dear local newspaper; you know that computers teach you to do many things?
last reason is because if you find something really difficult that you dont know helps.
those are websites that you can go on to take to family/friends but theres others website that you can go on.
like i said before it is super hard to imagine a day without a computer, i mean how would we communicate or do our work?
also working from home can a lot less tessful.
she left me to be a street dog.
i think the effects will be severe, detaching reality, creating false personas, and offering no physical gain.
these are my three reasons why i think computers have a good effect on people.
people are even needing internet access on cellphones to stay up to date on stocks, shipments and important emails.
also if you need facts on something and you can't go to the libary the computer has the same information.
i feel lazy and i don't want to do anything.
including, help with the children, help with cooking, with organizing, anything!
it's because i have nothing to do, so why not make my time occupied?
but as they keep using it, they start to get addicted.
lastly and unfortunatly those perstent witho computers are likly to die within the next years due to a dealy poisin that the compute diliveres to your brain.
after coming back to india he practiced as a lawyer for a few years.
for example when i always use the computers it allows me to get information for example, about and govina that is why i benefit people using computers.
by eating the right food one is able to secure good health.
there is an amendment in our of that promotes freedom of speech in the .
i shall keep my knowledge up to the mark.
thank you for reading and whe you are thinking adout it agen pleas consiter my thrie resons.
if a person spends all their time on the computer then everyone they care about will gradually be slipping away even if they don't know it.
imagine you life being ended because of addiction on computers.
unplug yourself from your computer.
i know i absolutly love going to the beach.
her parents would never let her read the books by .
then after that i can type up my report and even pick out a couple of pictures to print out, see?
another problem with taking 'offensive' books of the shelf is that it would be a result in people not learning in schools and ect.
please take my ideas into consideration.
there are card games, board games, even games!
besides no ones making you check out that book
it bothers me, it really does, but there is one question i always risk myself; how do i stop?
the computers have positive effect on people like hand-eye coordination.
some people think that certain book, movies, magazines, or music should be removed from libraries because they be found offensive.
school libraries are made to help assist the students' academic acheivement, nothing more and nothing less.
i think that computers benifit our society.
now i hope you see why computers are a good part of all of our lives.
plus websites are filled with viruses, and what happens when your computer is dead due to viruses and you actually need your computer for a school project?
lastly, computers show you so much about history.
the solar system is very big and jupiter is the largest of all planets.
with websites like , , and you can have a whole different online life, with friends that you haven't even seen before.
computers cause people to be lazy.
you can even play poker on your computer.
maybe even you plan on visiting this country, you're going to want to know about the place you'll be spending your time.
that people believe aren't appropriate.
what are they to do?
for the fifth paragraph that i agree that people should not be able to get off of computers.
most reference books are out of date and information is inaccurate, but computers are updated so frequently, you have all the facts all the time.
in this essay i will explain why it is bad to spent too much time on computers.
second reason, how the computer can teach people things.
it works most of the time and children also see that.
computers are a very good way to learn because on a computer you could easily find out whi the of is.
for, example, say you don' want to play your game or watch .v, or go outside.
some people see this as a great advancement.
online gaming has become an sensation!, and not only an , and , and can game too!
reading is the best way to learn.
many people i know would die if they didn't have a computer because friends are on or made because they need if for homework.
i have to do a lot of math problems for homework and i think it is much easier to use a calculator.
if everyone limited their time on the computer we would all feel a lot better and be more social.
i can relate to this because i have also heard some things that i am not proud of such as foul language.
many books in libraries have profanity, it just depends on how you read and anazlyze the profanity.
acording to drishnig at people who use computers for at least mintes a day have d increase in hand ey corodination relaction time and accuracy.
this is why i feel books should stay where there are
to whom it concern, i think computers are a good thing.
one way communication in computers is my instant.
you can be playing a computer game, online, or going on youtube to watch random videos of people.
some of the content found in libraries should be censored due to a diverse group of people in the world with different views, opinions, and morals.
do you want to look up information fast?
like when it says the trategies that had happened in other states like the one that happened in .
the new uprizing in computer use has brought about new ways of getting a college degree.
i have only one answer.
this can also bad for future generations.
work data and they help of businesses we file reports communicate with other branches of that company.
and that means you can write/type without having to look at other features that cames through with a computer is going online.
you can swim, jump, or play sports.
the most it seaid that he was geting a divorce.
i do not want to be the same as everybody else.
this technology gets people every to have an open mind with everything.
after school, kids go home and turn their computer on instead of going outside running and playing.
it not only ables you to find out information, and chat with family and friends but also can teach you hand eye coordination.
computers help other people learn about far away places.
these are opion on this is that compter are used all the time peopl use them to talk to frend and family online.
libraries banning books, music, movies, or magazines seems unreasonable since there is such a wide variety of people and their interests.
you can listen te musicor watch comedy videos.
did you know that computers have a medium sized effect on how people become obiese?
the most used website i think is facebook.
they even give smiles to others.
computers have greatly advanced society and technology.
my mom says that ""more people use there computers, more that they put their feet in their shoes and walk outside!""
one person might read peaceful warm-hearted stories, than you have people out like want something more intense to be able to read.
computers have a positive effect on people because you can find what you need in minutes.
lastly, computers have made a lot of people when people got to too many people a major view when it comes to family and friends.
being on the computer does no good for the body.
it has given atom bombs, hydrogen bombs, tanks, missiles, etc.
next reason why effect computers on people is positive, is because it helps people communicated with friends or family.
if not for the amazing of computers that me back, i would still do exercise, only to after about a week.
ever sence then, has put his family before anything.
if the government would assign someone to censoring books, magazines, or music, there would be a uproar.
computers provide a pletvera of knowledge for people's use.
this shows that many children are on a computer too much.
now, i pose question to you: if all was deemed offensive material, what would be left?
should people have the right to remove books, music, movies, or magazines from our shelves because they are found offensive to one person?
anyone can use the library, and it is a valuable resource to many people.
its especially not fair to the person with the memories and experiences.
now sports isn't just about being the best 's about getting better and doing your best.
everyone is different and unique in the world and they have their own unique opinions.
everyone is going to have their own preference on what they want to read, listen to, or watch.
you can take a trip and see your family.
so why do some libraries insist on removing some of those valuable materials from their shelves?
inmy opinion, i think comuters have a negative effect on people.
maybe parents should still do this with their and have them run around the neigborhood with other .
i truely, strongly hope that what i'm saying will change the minds of some people.
last but not least, magizines.
each individual has their own opinion of each material.
for example, millions of people and companies and small buisnesses require the use of computers in order to optimally run their buisness.
they have great ideas and thoughts expressed through these amazing pieces of word art.
that's right, computers allow students to do better in .
libraries are a place that someone can go to, to learn about something.
i also look up directions, finding routs on maps are enfuriating and take for ever.
i ended up doing all their work.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
so please help me fight to put more people outside and make people more active, sounds like a pretty good cause huh?
well, out of people in the have messy handwriting and 9/ teachers mistake words that are messily hand-writen.
so just get off the computer and enjoy what life gave you.
for example, they make it so that projects and assignments can be done fastter and easier thanks to like microsoft word.
and what about docters dont they have your medical history on the computer, if not all these papers would get lost!
we don't need to take every movie or magazine out, but some we can do without.
it shows love and respect to the guests and welcomes visitors.
of will agree they spend at least hours a day on their computer.
it's because computers have a positive effect on people, have you ever thought why?
' should i know, i wasn't taught to spell in .'
if there is going to be offinsive material in your library there should be an adult area where only people over the age of can enter.
the computer is a wonderful thing.
if the parents would just tell their children no to a certain book, then the child will not read it.
the next reason that books should not have censorship is because new ideas cover topics that have never been discussed.
they shouldn't have inappropiate things in public stores or places children can go.
every mind is diffrent when it comes down to what it likes to read, watch or hear.
it really makes my mom, dad, brothers, and sisters mad that he won't do any thing but play on the computer.
are for entertainment.
keep reading to find out more.
accordly, if you are trying to find some job applications without wasting your time, just look on the internets.
others people without a gob are not looking for something 'to do they are at the computer everyday.
whoever thought that learning would be fun?
he carries books and other important papers from one class to the other.
students at schools, elementary through college, are able to connect with much more information than without computers.
families are seeing that the more a person plays on a computer, the less time that person is going to spend talking to , or .
should public libraries have to censor some of the books, movies, and music they have on display?
computers help of future learn & with all these learning websites, will be able ti teach them solves new things.
i remember a tiny when i was on the computer for 1/ hours my eyes were killing me everything i blink.
teachers are known to be the second parents.
this can range from the .s to hungary in seconds.
you won't go wrong if you listen to someone who uses a computer everyday.
i was wearing three pullovers, but was still shivering with cold.
but on one afternoon, something felt wrong.
lastly, i think that more and more people are using computers is agreat thing.
all of us have different morals, values, and sences of what is right and what is wrong; everyone's are different.
well about of the world says that computers are a great way to communicate with friends, family, and different people around the world.
please get back to me with your thoughts on this issue within the next three days by email.
now you not beleive computers are "" society friendly"" but i am here to argue that statement.
if everyone got off the computer for at least a hour a day they'll live a happier, healthier life.
technology is a beautiful thing indeed.
i think that computers are a great invation in modern technology as long as people limit themselves.
this makes more difficult for children to make friends, or even to do well is work intencies.
or cite your sorces.
or see a loved one suffer from heart problems due to obeasity becasue they couldn't get off the computer.
dear of ; technology seems to have a positive effect on people.
the car driver tried to escape.
the issue to grapple with is should you take that risk or stay fit, healthy and happy?
then go out side and enjoy the outdoors.
what if your phone is gone and there is an emergency, you can get the email!
everyone hates when their camera or video camera breaks, and will their precious and wonderful memories are gone.
to of children who use the internet are most likely so succeed in college because they know what websites to go to and how to get there.
dear newspaper, have you notice that now a days more and more people are becoming overweight?
computers benefit society more than you would think.
have you ever watched a movie that had some scenes you didnt't want your kids to watch with you?
if you don't like something don't me around it.
i dont believe that it should matter what books are in a library.
computers can down.
so the experts have no reason to that because people use the computer to keep in touch with families.
i belive that certain materials should not be removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive.
i can stand idle no longer.
second, people can interact with family and friends online.
i am not allowed to have these ways to comunicate because of the specific reasons that i stated earlier.
they should be able to hear very little or see very little but when they get older they are suppose to be use to this.
everyone is using computers, shouldn't you?
i dont think that children should be able to have the access, and maybe they won't know about it, or want it.
i believe that the internet is a great way to hook up with old friends.
at the same time though many of these books do contain curse words, some sexual scenes, partying, drinking, and doing drugs.
she got shot by her husband.
if we were to take away every thing that someone in the world finds offensive, there would be nothing left.
books are a great blessing.
firstly, effects computers have on people are good because the people can learn hand eye coordination.
it is so much faster than looking through thousands of books.
this has happened to before and i were too busy to get together or it was snowing and my parents couldn't drive.
to conclude debate on censorship, plenty of arguments have been made about the views of censorship.
a little sparrow comes and sits on my window sill every day.
therefore computers have positive effects.
these websites benefit us because we can meet new people, catch up with old friends, or even talk with carrent friends.
to me that is a pretty cool invention.
, computers have great benefits to our society.
how do you meet people from different countries?
so, why don't we recap what we learned today.
computers and modern technology are advancing quickly, and more and more people are beginning to use them.
to gaming websites like www.onemorelevel.com.
if parents do not want their child on websites they don't approve of, the parents can always block those websites.
with people getting less exercise, not enjoying nature, and having less interactions they are doing the world more bad than good.
its just not worth it.
or have you ever used ?
i hope everyone can have a computer for heath and safty reasons.
new machines are robots are built all the time, and our knowledge of machines and artificial minds is rapidly growing.
i think that computers are a good addition to life for a few reasons.
giving strangers you information they can trace you down and find the street you live on.
then you have to stay up later to finish.
it is also true that some people are not getting enough exercise.
when you're on the computer, it seems like the entire world is in your computer screen.
lastly, computers are helpful ways to keep in touch with family and friends.
dear local newspaper, is my belief that people are spending too much time on computers.
people are on the computer doing something it can give them headachs, eye sales but if they were outside they would be exerssing.
for example you know someone but you can't find you can browse.
of course, we all have friends in different cities and/or states!
in my opinon people shouldn't be on the computer or more then hours to hours a day.
making writers do that, limits thier freedom of speech.
i already know the answer.
there are sites where you can purchase music ang movies, or even clothes and furniature.
computers take away from friends and family time.
its also help's people who want to know new launage's such as , , and .
that could waste a lot of time.
it makes them happy.
that's life well what im trying to say is that yall can talk see each other, have private conversations.
dear, who would'nt agree that more and more people are using computers.
video games, video games, video games!
i also thank that it is a good thing that kids are wanting to learn about what they want to do later in life.
thing thing another and of a madden, or hours have already passed by.
we can email back and forth every day.
everybody does not have the same opinion on censorship.
going outside is better for you to.
get a computer now!
interacting with living people in person.
as a matter of fact, the leading in is no longer cigarettes.
huge buildings looked like small huts.
in conclusion, computers do benifit society, and they are proven to have a positive affect on people.
computers are used for getting messages to different people in the.
there were great hustle and bustle in the markets.
that people use to keep in tuch with family and friends.
the one component of computers that is used even more than research is online communication.
computers help teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to learn about people and far away places.
for example, my dad had to pay in order to get my computer unbugged.
now here comes the negative effect.
i think that because of many reasons and i will tell you some of these reasons.
for example, playing sports or even a simple task like throwing something in the trash.
some people like their music uncensored and should be able to get it.
books, movies, music, magazines, or even computer excess.
i encourage all of you to spread this message to everyone, so they know all the benefits to using computers.
we all have different opinions on what 'good' music or movies are.
in fact, most of the medicines that we use ultimately come to us through trees and vegetation.
they also need their kids to know the difference between right and wrong.
you dont have to worry about payin for a cd and you can use it until your done with it then return.
this happens a lot to average people.
about every two years a kid or parent could go throw a computer.
nowadays the computer detracts from the sleep and exercise that the body requires.
do you think your job would be harder.
with one click a message can be rent to anywhere in the world.
also, if you have family that lives far away or someone in college you can send them an email to keep in touch.
just dont let computers control your life.
this set up is often used in well known book stores and libraries such as ' and ' and ''.
they help with school work, like projects or email.
people will eventually see them, hear them, and watch them even if its not in the library.
the disigen that you made because of the would and is going to scare you for life.
social sites such as facebook alow people to see pictures from where their friends have traveled.
as a conclusion, the basically has stronger negative impacts and consequences than positive ones.
like i stated previously the books are just books its your choice to read them
as well as talking to friends, one can have a bussness meating around the world with out having to traval out of your town.
your boyfriend or girlfriend would dump you.
what if you live far away from the nearest library?
they spent countless of hours working with others just to get the piece into publication, or trying to get somone to film their movie idea.
he is cooperative and considerate.
libraries contain many different selections of books, music, and magazines.
third of all, if you can chat online with your friends or family!
there's your map with just a click of the cursor.
they even take advantage of floods to enrich their soil, trap fish and move logs of wood.
it was not very hot.
a local environmentalist.
other pluses about computers, are that they can teach hand-eye coordination.
i think we should still use computers but cut down the rtimes we use it and exercise and eat more.
there hurting your vision, limiting your outdoor activity time and making it harder to talk to people in person.
if television was censored then people would not know to do in a bad situation because they have never experienced or seen of it before.
somethings should be taught when we young like how to brush our teeth, but somethings should be left until we are older like having babies or drinking.
i think that if they do start removing things from library shelves they should still be allowed to be viewed to those who want to.
they treated me as an outsider.
and the people who were allowed and wanted to read them still could with no problem at all.
not but not least, some people aren't treating their body properly.
""in the past few years.
also, we sometimes go to the beach and enjoy the cool, freshing water in the pool.
it is used for plowing the field and drawing water.
i believe that certain materials such as books, music, movies, magazines, etc., should not be removed from libraries for being too offensive.
such as terrorist groups drug and alachol books should be taken off so we do not pullute the minds of our youth.
it gives capability to do more than you can imagine.
not only books but magazines and movies help as well.
some people find a movie offensive because of words said or if a certain person dies first, while others could care less.
you might need somenthing to see how it happen and was the condition it happend.
speech about:   parents are the visible god
farenheit was written by in the mid twentieth century, forshadowing a wicked future if censorship is brought to humanity.
computers help people of age first, computers let you chat with friends and family.
my point of view is that people have the choice to go out side, exercise, and enjoy nature.
the computer can help others communicate, help educate you, and even prepare you for the future.
so as you can see, i that computers benefits society in plenty of ways.
just because one song has stuff in it you don't like doesn't mean you can delete that song from everyone.
, with the recent development technology in todays society i know that there is a lot controversy with computers.
i hope you and the readers of this paper see my point of view.
the weather could for bad and your sick.
books are there to help us become more educated and more open minded towards different thoughts and ideas.
i well i'll teach you.
but don't be fooled.
they need to let others make the decision when it comes to getting their books.
gained pounds, which lead to obeisity and heart problems.
they try to get him off but all he does is online.
you can even fill out a job application right then and there.
i blive that computers have a lot of effects on people for example there eyes, there body, there mind.
he wears khaki uniform.
also my views on censorship in libraries.
it is not all as wonderful as it seems, though for people's lives have been ruined because of the internet.
it is a lovely thing to be perfectly loyal to a friend.
some books, magazines, and movies should be removed or grouped by age.
this wonderful network is here in our computers.
many parents that they get computer because it's so fun so they.
a girl from said, "" time i was on facebook for the whole afternoon and then i realized i never started my essay!""
there was an awe inspiring official who appeared to be very busy.
most teens say they are always willing to meet new people, and the internet is a great way to do so!
ok so the computer does show to cause distractions and headaches if used too long, but it is a great invention of the future.
many critic and saying not many people interact with family and friends.
you wont to have a real good laugh?
not only will you be unhealthy but anti-socialism is probable too.
on my begging forgiveness, he let me go with just a word of advice.
these type of materials have some from inappropriate to disturbing events in the books, but have been distributed to the teen section.
movies should be put in the library with age advice because someone had to allow that movie to go out in theatres, , or on the .
the internet is an extraordinary invention that is very simple and helpful to use.
computers have made a big change to everyday life.
in conclusion, without a doubt, i firmly believe that people shouldn't spend to much time on computers.
kids and adults really enjoy having access to something like this.
my first views on this subject is that computers are becoming more and more advanced as time goes on.
i think that because people should be having fun, socializing with people, and living there life!
it seems to me, in my opinion that computers have more of a negative affect on people than positive.
we just need to remember that not all of the books appeal to us and not to get offended by those that don't.
in a technilogical age the possibilities are endless.
imagine walking out of your home and you see right down the street a giant bonfire, right in the open.
when people have different perspectives, they can be more knowledgable of various opionions.
now does some of those books seem a little better now?
computers are very helpful now, mostly every thing gets done on it.
but there are shows for kids to there like a movie but a little shorter.
dear , i think that computers do not benefit society.
lastly i believe that the libraries should not be able to tell us what we can and cannot read.
yet people find these topics to be offense probably due to that persons backround.
don't you think is a great idea.
one way computers benefit society is, by making it easier for everyone to get information about something.
oh i know, i know, all of family and friend time was wasted into being on the computer.
i think that at least of people would try this.
i think a decent amount of time on the computer, you can benefit from.
dear , is a rumor going around saying that computers are a negitive affect in a childs life.
if technology becomes too powerful in our civilization, how can we learn to interact with our humanity.
but i guess everyone forgot about that.
children can find out the password and net around .
soccer, baseball, basketball and lacrosse.
my last two topics are that it gives good hand cordination and we can learn to surf the web.
also, everyday there are news updates about what is going on in the world.
the author as well deserves to be heard and not shunned out because some people view his or her material unexecptable for the shelves of their local library.
this is the exact opposite of what a human should be doing.
as a result, the students grades would increase.
the person just might be a freand.
a lot of people think they're talking to one person but it's really not that person.
most do gain weight on the computer because they are not physically active.
obesity is a rising issue in and kids need to exercise.
every one has a computer now because i guess everyone goes on facebook, even my mom has a facebook!
all you have to do is type a few letters and you'll be reaqquainted with a old friends.
dear local newspaper, my name is , & i think that computers are very usefull and that people learn a lot from them.
certain materials should not be removed from shelves if they are found offensive for three reason.
over of the things you can find at the library you can finf on the computer.
there are young chirlderen that will pick up a book, movie and/or case, or even a magazine and read off whatever the front says.
without a doubt computers can put a single on everyone's face with its entertainment benefits.
the effects that computers also have are that people can't step using them because they are adictive to them.
without a computer in my opinion things would be a lot more stressful.
as you can see these are the reasons i think it has good effect.
they not know but that is blinding so they must not stay on the computers long.
the final reason why computers do not benifit society is because they are a waste of money.
so computers have a big effect on how these people live their lives.
there is always going to be something somewhere that offends someone.
different websites can expose the wrong thing and get you into trouble.
all good qualities that make everyones lives easier.
if you find it offensive just ignore it you don't have to buy it.
computer have also ourlives.
this reminds me of my step dad .
dolphins live in oceans.
all they need to do is check their email or the internet to realize what danger they are in.
he was bummed out because he could never get outside.
now im not saying we should all 'cuss' every day and talk in vulgar tongue.
say you married and you are pregnant unless your guy of course, but your spouse is in and you couldn't them.
i think this because, it helps people learn.
are plenty of offensive books that shouldn't be put on the shelves.
to the past stressed because i never had a to just relax and think about things i computer doing something or homework.
dear local newspaper, are computers a bad thing?
keep this in mind as one of the many great things about the computer.
first of all, people send huge amounts of time on their computers and small amounts of time exercising.
its a fact that you instead other people on computers.
they don't need to be completely gone, but while they're waiting for their friend they could be exercising.
i remember one morning, when i was rushing before school, i had no idea what type of outfit to wear.
men in their sunday best and women and children in all colors of rainbow added to the dreamland atmosphere.
so not only are computers teaching children, but they're part of making new discoveries that need to be taught to children.
as i said before they can help people learn.
the internet is a bad thing to get hooked on.
some people look at things in a totally different way than you, because you do not like different styles of entertainment does not mean somebody else dosen't.
celebrity chef extraordinare not only posts all her recipes online at mstewart.com, but she even finds some of them!
this really improves students grades, because they had more resources and more information to choose from, instead of only the information in the book.
its a new way to study and do other things to learn in a fun way.
to sum things up computers are a to citizens and cause them to drive out family and friends.
you can do other stuff and still learn with-out being on the computer.
computers take away their time that could be used towards getting a college education, why waste them?
people have to write their work on a piece of paper.
it is always neat and clean.
thats just how it was back then.
it tells you new things that are in your town or what their going to make or it tells you what it is getting rid of.
computers also alow you to play music.
lots of people in other countries can't last a day without playing on computers.
and did i say it was against the law, because it is.
plese read on to find out what i have to say about computers.
has your son or daughter been on the computer with great has been over?
it's great that the teachers care enough to post the homework.
dear local newspaper, the question everyone is asking if computers benfit society?
and to play games.
believes this is pulling her family apart.
dear , i beleave that computers have a good and a bad effect on people.
now on to more about using computer for homework.
children are still machuring ,and are like a sponge.
therefore, i conclude that if any books, music, movies, or magazines are found offensive they should remain on the shelves.
i know that if i were an author, and my book were taken off the shelf, because someone found it 'inapppropriate' i would be very upset.
some students were busy fishing.
games from the past or gaems from the future.
also it helps people meet or make friends.
dear , people have computers in there house hold but they disagrees with a computer can help you.
third and final reason for this is that we are all dealing with this "" crisis.""
we will get our education online.
whether its listening to music, playing games, or talking with friends, you will always have fun on the computer.
instead of using you could go to the park to play basketball or baseball.
if more people in your community are nicer, when a real threat comes, whos gonna help?
people get addicted and are on them constantly, """" websites actually take away time that could be spent with friends.
maybe i don't want to watch all day to keep me entertained.
interacting with friends and family is important for everyone.
i think as long as the book ain't offensive or bad then people should keep reading it.
this is beneficial considering the amount of and assignments graded each week.
censorship , is a very sensitive , and argumentable/debatable issue, but this is just my view, whats yours ?
this is nonsince.
everybody sat down for lunch.
finally, computers keep the brain active.
a very good reason is that when people have alot of personal information when a virus hitls that person knows everything about you that you put on.
i believe censorship is unnessesary.
so there are just some things that contain violence that you just cant keep your child from seeing at one point in time.
lastly, is more easyer to do reasearch with computers.
computers have benefited society in many ways.
if the hearing impared use to the computers then they can get a or and chat with people online.
overall computers are a key part of our and they can help deside with our next breack trip and they can use by making us fat.
so by that means, i'm fine with it.
in this society theres no time for zeros because when you are in college your still paying for the class even if your failing or not.
this is really hard for me to right about beacuse i don't care what other people think.
dear , people these days rely too much on technology.
first, we can learn about the places we want to go to.
that group is still allowed to speak their opinions and takes on that particular material, as well as the people who do agree with the material.
so go outside and explore you will never know what you will find.
less time to do their homework, so they just begin to not do any of it.
the computer is a you to play it.
so as you can see there is alot of bad things about computer.
also you can socialize with social networking sites, like and twitter, and also because you can ""i.m.""
in many libraries there are books, movies, magazines, and music that people find offensive.
we are setting up our weekend plans online and a lot of our social life is there.
as a matter of fact, agree that computers can have a gargantuah, positive impact on reflexes and hand-eye coordination.
, you better get yourself a laptop before the next giant essay comes!
also you can use excel to manage your finances!
, , people have been doing less exercise and not enjoying the great outdoors.
however, some books do not 'cross the line' and are banned regardless.
if your on the computer for hr.
, , , , and many other sites are exellent for talking to friends.
you can even talk to your friends on a computer send emails to anybody around the world or just play coms.
schools, offices, and companys all over the world use these products and it doesn't only make society better it makes the world better.
please consider this and write an article to improve the town's social & overall health.
that non-offensive books can make you learn something.
my last opinion is if you don't like the material and it offends you don't read it or have anything to do with it.
we creators the internet and people love it more man the rock they're standing on.
when you email some one and then the email you back it saves the and government money.
, in my opinion, the effects computers have on people are good.
however, this does not mean taking materials off of library shelves for everyone.
it was really wonderful.
or if your planning a vacation in , and don't know where to stay, then the internet will get you right there and give you great opptions.
if you ask any christian if they would allow their children to read the muslim book of faith, the , they would tell you no.
you can just put your camera chip into your computer and ""walaa"" instant editting.
to me the disadvantages of having a computer definetly out way the advantages of having a computer.
for instance say you fly to for the first time on a buisness meeting and you arrive a few days before the meeting.
it is a bad thing for little kids.
this is great if you haven't seen them recently, or if you want to just stay in touch.
what one person might not like the next person might love.
they help to clean the blood in our body.
what would we have to read about if we took most of the books out of the library?
still, you can use the computer to look up cheats on video games.
they are useful to us in many ways.
computers are referred in the press, on the radio and television.
after the first chapter i had wondered who who call this a children book.
computers allow you to see that concert you didn't go to or that movie that's never on tv.
they benefit people in many ways, like they are very useful in buissness, helpful in education, and connect friends and family together.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
to he said that well since he got his new "" with a gig hardrive"", he hadn't been talking to them a whole to .
this is a cheaper and greener way of presenting ideas.
stay away from scares and things, they will came some people find the internet could be there from work or sites.
so when they go to school and the class tells the teacher they dont have computers what are they going to do.
through the computer, people are able to send messages to each other.
once this summer i had opportunity to go to mauritius for about a week.
there are over on computer games online.
many adults don't use the computer is most the teens and kids.
so, i'm not going to state that online talk is bad.
you can learn about diffrent places and food.
they don't even need to leave the house all the time just excercise to a tape or get a tredmill.
people can not just take books off the shelves because they have some bad language.
people need to realize that there is stuff everywhere that people dont want their children hearing but they hear it anyway.
after that everyone went right back to staring at computer screens.
this game is also free online for anyone to use.
these are the sort of things that need to be taken off the shelves of our libraries.
i've read books about slavery, and war and it just wants me to make the world a better place.
so you don't have to figure it out yourself.
it's not that computers arent useful, it's that people are using them too frequently.
to whom it concern, computers can be a great asset to our society, but they are an even, bigger hindrance.
the farmer is the most important person in our country.
the more time people use their computers the less time they are enjoying the outdoors.
how much hurt can someone take from a book, popular music, a movie, or even a magazine, etc.?
they can learn from a new point of view.
i spend quite a bit time on the computer, yet i am still a very active person.
i spend a lot of time on , because it lets me talk to friends i sometimes don't get to see.
the family spends no time together what so ever.
its now called an email.
thats one of my main reasons i think the newspaper should keep offensive movies in stores.
finally they help people to keep in touch and meet knew people.
there are different lessons taght in different aspects.
but are all the libraries meeting their requirements?
the main thing for tenes or chidren is easly the enjoyment you could watch your favort showes with a click of the mouse or even play freefun games.
people should only go on the computer for reasurch for projects or for homework liketyping papers.
in the following you will see why i computers have its benefits to the society.
some jobs require quick typers.
there is always something wrong with something.
they can also go swimming play, sports, and go to a play ground.
so have a bad on people?
they live in groups called pods and are very playful by nature.
this in my opinion would cause alot of conflict between people and nobody would be educated on these events of history.
not to manchin not any you need to know some thing really fast like now your stalk is befor a big meeting.
our animal instincts are brought under control.
the overuse of computers does nnot benefit society.
now thse are even more to communicate.
what if computers are doing more than that?
this book reveals the removal of offensive books to its exteme.
it also teaches hand-eye coordination.
i don't know what half the adults in the world would do without computers.
if you need a recepie for an desert look it up with a computer.
all books serve a purpose and should remain staunch on the shelves of local book stores, regardless of the methods used in them.
time spent inside on the computer is becoming a problem.
on this day, they give bathto bulls and cows.
it gives' a way to comunicate.
this concerns some people.
beacuse every one needs to see these thing in life even if it has some thing bad like a movie or a magzine it should stay on the shelves.
my third reason would be buying and selling products.
thats not only taking away from your kid, or yourself thats taking away from everyone else.
okay some book are bad and offensive but you have to look at it this way.
learning is a major priority and if it means putting a child infront a computer for an hour will improve this, then that is what will happen.
everybody can choose what they prefeir.
so that just people who want a certain item or whatever can get it with out other people having to see or listen to anything offending
by using electricity for this nonsense device, we waste money.
do not have a right to have a place on a shelf and should or shouldn't be removed.
they might not even test it anyways.
if we stop throwing waste into lakes, rivers, and seas they will be clean and beautiful forever.
this would keep down less confusion and more people would continue to attend the library because they know what a nice place it really is
you can have intelligent,and its easy and free!
this defference in opinion poses as a huge problem in allowing libraries to censor their selecion.
some books have material that might not belong in the hands of children.
you can even shop for houses or cars online.
computers cost a lot of money.
they have a right to speak for what they belive in.
i went to bed late and was fast asleep.
some people think it is a good idea and same do not.
when you get a virus it sucks you cant do anything or you can't look anything up for school.
fake and dangerous info when we have book.
i hope i persuaded you to like computers more.
so if they get in trouble outta class then why do would you teach it or even say it.
the main reason people fear computers is because of the dangers is radiates, which really isn't reasonable, when analyzed closely.
say no cause you computer.
people overusing their computer is also a big problem.
libraries around the world do good jobs keeping certain books in the apperpate ages levels.
some people see computers as a way to rot your brain, while others see it has a learning device.
there's a website that called addicting.
why start our children out at a young age with violence, sex, and inappropiate material?
the most important thing about this is who want these books censored or gone and why they want to remove them.
therefore computer teach hand-eye coordination.
even doctors are computers your medical needs and give time.
i know that teenagers are on the computer a lot, but if it really bother the parents, why do they have computers in their houses?
rated movies usually have gore, sexual themes, strong language, and things little kids should never watch.
all the old people i know hate all the rap.
computers are also very good for information as i said earlier.
how would you react if your form of art was dibbed unsuitable for a public audience?
the first reason is computers teach hand-eye coordination.
after reading all my reasons and opinions i hope you can agree on not having censorship in libraries.
the computers were invented for knoledge not scandeious ""webchats"" or "" pages.""
this is unfortunent in the extreme.
on the other hand, she decided to live a better life and find dates (over the computer) and live a new life.
if they wanted to have free time to go and read magazines, they should do at home.
from educational purposes, to learning cultures and socializing with friends it helps us get through life.
it can even take a project on a flash drive and then download it.
kids forget to do homework to.
yeah, i get it that computers are very useful but they also kill your eyesight.
if you say good for you.
however, computers have bad effects on people's lives.
they will not disappear and that is nothing we want to have to worry about,that could become a criminal offence of any sorts.
dear local newspaper, personal experience, i think that computers have a positive effect on people.
people are on their computers so much that they dont enjoy nature anymore.
when someone helps us, we should always be thankful to that person.
all the mothers that are to protactive they will take them done.
humans use computers mainly because it makes life simpler, easier.
being able to type essays, play games and socialize, and order products form websites is just amazing.
we make new friends.
due to computers multiple options you can look up because in the your client.
it is an ideal school.
i bet you are a really good family man/women and spend time with please take these computers away and make families come together once again.
i'm sure we will survive.'
most parents ' know half the songs that the children buy, expecially when they ' buy it at home.
where did this inspiration come from?
was returning the book that had just read and checking out the new one had already picked out.
he 't played eith his four year old sister, since she was two years old.
secondly, the internet can also be very unhealthy and can create you to become less social.
if we decided to allow this would there even be books, movies, music, or even magazines for us?
you would get addicted to being on the computer all the time.
i feel that xomputers are too harmful for society and should be stopped.
which i don't get because we are all the same to me.
no one can think for nobody so everybody's going to have their opioin.
when kids write eassy's they have to get information on what they are looking.
you relize it's time toget off and go outside.
to me, the main source of communication is chatting online.
lastly, health issues are raising rapidly!
i think spending a lot of time on the computer is not a good idea because has bad things online.
when something gets a bad look sooner or later it will not be there anymore.
let children have a choice in what book they read, or the movie they watch.
children could take that offensive or violent book into action.
the computor can help you talk to long lost friends of one touch of a button.
dear local newspaper, i think that computers are a great thing to have.
exercise is a main way of staying healthy.
magazines though do have some type of thing that i think that is affensive to other people.
the book has a curse word in the text, that doesnt mean the book is an abomination and will poison the community.
do you ever wonder how to hear the song you like when it's not on the radio?
technology is defined as anything that helps enhance our way of living.
its truly disgusting.
adults, and even some teenagers have jobs in.
in my experience as a computer engineer.
like there rap its a bunch of people rymes.
the millions of resources on the internet make it possible to learn about t other places and times.
i just am located so far away, its so much easier.
there are many ways communicate on the computer these days.
another example is if you wanted to travel to by car and you didn't have a map how would you get the directions?
she went by herself, leaving her mother behind.her mother always pumped in the head that her father was up to no good.
therefore, i invite you to join me to demonstrate the icrredible strenght of computers.
computers can put people who not know any better at risks.
although more and more people are using one of our greatest technological advances, computers, believe it doesnt benefit socialy.
a computer helps you learn about those things.
thats deffinatly an advantage!
another way is that you can get work done.
it seems cool yes but the internet has a very darkside too!
they be considered censorship, but that is one step away from being banned.
there are many different programmes every day on television.
they are sold in computer stores and some are already installed into the computer.
i am an grade student at .
my view on the subject is that, if this begins there will only empty shelfs in librarys across the country.
not everyone believes in the same ideas.
finally, kids computer interaction can cause belites like ""you shout vote for because he is black"" or other racist and ignorant statements.
so in conclusion the computer can do many helpful things.
but is all bout computers when your mom is all ways at your house boring do go bu a computer whne you get money.
i think the libraries need to stay the way they are and leave things the way they have had them for different reasons.
while talking to people around the , you can learn something about a culture or lifestyle that you didn't know before.
computers are neccisary for everyday life.
another reson is they teach hand-eye coordination.
these are the sites you use to access information from others to making plans for the weekend.
will i disagree with what you say.
there are many more up-sides though.
the moon is called a satellite as it rotates
sometimes people get help from books that are offensive to others because somebody is doing something wrong and the book help the other person.
reading all the didn't langues can help you with normal reading.
without a bond with you and you chiled.
i am deffintly not saying to stop using your computer totally, becasue they are agreat inveshion.
dear , i am a who believes that computers have a positive effect on people for one computed help promote hand-eye coordination.
i hope you agree with me when i say computers are bad.
i believe computers are ideal for school work and comunicating with others, as long as they are used in moderation.
movies a great way to learn how to treat others and how to act around other people when you don't know how to act.
lets not forget the lalaby of the crickets and owls putting you in a deep slumber under the staggering oak trees.
and the is suffering because of it.
i think computers are bad because people use them all the time to go on facebook and other wedsites that are sometimes wast of time.
their loyalty to the party is greater than sense of fair play.
people have different tastes in what they like to listen to or watch or read about.
going outside and enjoying nature is peaceful on a nice sunny clay.
from so many students having greater hand-eye cooridination they will enjoy what their good at like tennis.
it was very entertaining.
this effected my life a lot, i stopped going out on weekends with my friends, i always wanted to stay home when my family wont out.
it's so much easier than going out to the library and finding that information in a book.
if we contiue to let our children and ourselves watch these types of movies and whatnot,things will get ugly.
dear local newspaper, those who do support advances in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
and finally, many people have found their careers through the internet.
the users be over very quickly.
computers can give many chances for exploring education.
these are three huge advantages than using computers give people.
one reason why people shouldn't spend so much time on the computer is because people spend to much time on them and not enough time exercising.
everything is made with the help of machines.
no worries the person no contact you by a simple email.
how this benefits you is because you have not seen your relatives in ages and you cannot buy a ticket to visit them, then video chat.
i'll put that into more details in my next paragraph.
you just sit there staring at a screen.
what's your reading level?
flowers bloom and trees put out new leaves.
instead of endlessly searching through phone books you can just type in their name and you bound to find somewhere on the internet.
and some of us can't put it down once we read the first sentence.
there are a lot of different websites you can go to that you can search for one of your family members or friends.
do you really want to be buying your a machine that costs an outragous amount money that will only make your unhealthy and pull them away from their sports?
i was excited yet scared.
this provides an easy way to share events tha have taken place, and just have some time to talk face to face.
another example can be a book.
this is really helpful you you want to learn about you can go at the computer end google "" "".
i didn't know who he was or what he did until i looked him up on the internet.
even though i feel this way about inappropriate books, i understand there has to be some sort of limit when it comes to censorship.
movies are rated through , books are rated child through adult, and music if explicit has a parental advisery sticker, so just follow the ratings.
that way more time can be spent outside in the open, and less inside staring at the screen all day.
i've read books at school that were adult books at school.
with out this form of censorship, small children would be aloud to see and hear things they are not ready for.
i say this because not all the time will you me to do something to do.
it was way too expensive to just call ot text her.
you email co-workers about jobs.
factories, they dont need many people.
i hope that this letter had convinced you of the benefits of computers.
dear , i believe that computers take away from our lives in a negative way.
there are so many different ways to communicate; 's unbeleivable.
today the agricultural department provides the necessary instructions for paddy cultivation.
in my opinoin computers are a great technology.
this also helps because you can email someone interested of sending a letter in the mail, which costs money, unlike email.
within moments of the accidents, it was already circling the internet.
for these reasons is why computers do not benefit society.
with information at the tip of your fingers more and more people will want to learn.
that their are ways to talk , ect.
next i believe that computers benefit society because keeps people organized.
it is a good thing because now people can get their work done faster.
he plans his lessons with great care.
in 's world, there are many things found offensive.
or read it.
a lot of the time i will go on facebook and talk to my friends from school and even my cousins that i don't get see a lot.
this is a major concern in our high-tech, computer society today.
also of people who use computers are over weight because they don't exercis.
and i say that because little kids dont need to be reading that kind of stuff and neither do we.
all of these tiresome commercials.
please consider my reasons when making your decision.
computers are needed to grow a world solving problems comunicating & expanding that is why i belive there is no problems with computers.
we had shifted to singapore recently and so i had to change to this school.
i hope this essay changed your mind about computers.
plus if we didn't have computers we would have to do bills and taxes the old fashioned.
they teach positive things for people to learn.
there are only a few that i named but every age group has a specific spot at the library.
even though, i, personally think it is alittle worse than a different organization, it would atleast worn people of these things.
i get outside and run so that i will not fall victim to weight.
to remove the work of an author in a library is to damage his ability to spread his thoughts.
people wouldn't need to worry about magazines from my experience.
& you also dont want you kids at risk of obesity because of lack of excercise.
they teach us life long lessons.
computers are also used to socialize.
students in high school to the after school with friends and get in to see rated movies parents.
but it can be stopped by just looking at the review and seeing if this is a good enough book for your child to read.
its all about your style and what you let your child see.
computers are helpful in so many ways, but these are just a few.
computers, , telephones, and more are getting the most hi-tech softwares and machinery to some of the most meraculous things happen.
this is how computers come in handy in every day life.
also just as important is how all this time spent on computers if effecting children, "" on 1/ having on computer a day.""
and computers good for our society because of we don't have to spend to much time on the phone.
all in all, there is no need to remove materials from a library because many people have different interests.
you should not care just for you or do what ever is right for you.
i hope that you agree with my reasons so we can find a way to get everyone their computers and get active.
why not just go see your friend of typing all day?
yes this material is helpfull in finding things to pass the time or to help understand a certain subject, but some have been found offensive.
on festivals like christmas, mr. david arranges for a get-together for all the neighbors in the common park.
it should be protected from water.
there always controversy in our society, and almost everyone loves it.
i chalenge you to name one thing you can do on the computer that you can't do without.
most of what i would take off the shelf would have to be about people being racist agents another person or people.
lastly, away the advancing in computers maens that you are away family and friends connectionds.
there are other ways to solve this problem.
my parent got rid of our books a wile ago because of computers.
we would have less conflict, less deaths ,and better lives that are enriched, not corrupted , with quality media.
if they far away.
everyone loves having friends and family, so doesn't make sense why would rather email them with trivial things instead talking.
some become addictted so they never got off.
if one person does not like a particular book or magazine, they should search somewhere else for what they want.
am sorry but thats not how life works.
the effects that computers have on people are really something you should thank god for.
so why should rap be banned just because it talks about killing, drugs, and drinking.
some were good, nice, big houses but tyen others lived in boxes and trash cans.
they can receive them and also send pictures back.
you are blind a way because you can't see who's on the other side of the screen, you know is the username of that person.
sure maybe some people are addicted to the computer but others use it only when they need to.
my point is that with computers, finding information is fast and easy.
you can also quickly contact people in an emergency get updates on events, and comunicate with your teacher if you have a question about your homework.
my opinion is that people should have computers in their homes.
i gives you everything you need to know about the ne places you want to learn about.
or to learn about places that you never been to before or would like to vacation to.
plus the library is a good place to just go look for music you like.
i think its wrong to do so, because any book should be read know matter what is said in it.
there are over i information sites on the computer.
in my opinion, i believe that if the only purpose of it is to read it then it should be in a library.
the libraries is for freeom to read to do want you want and look up.
when i see that, i think, ' if a child saw this?'
they are concerned there is way too much computer time.
the library is a place where many people go to learn.
if books, movies, magazines, music, etc.
drew , a park ranger, says.
there are many books that are offensive to people.
i believe that is the reason people do not like certain books in libraries.
but it is not just for learning things it is also for freinds becase of al these sites like myspace, facebook, aim, webchat.
it is so easy to be surfing the web and fall upon things you should not be seeing!
it has hundreds of books.
if someone lives to far away and their is something important then the is great.
parents work hard hours, for exampe that is a long day and probably dont make enough money to be waisting it on a .
exercising and enjoying the outdoors is also a good time consuming activity to do.
that is where the computer can help.
if not for solely learning but for reference.
the ones that teach us about life and society.
different, right?
but if i have the right to remove that book from the shelf-that work i abhor-then so does everyone else.
in my own opinion, its a good thing.
a holiday can bring great joy if it is spent as a holiday.
if books were censored, the quality of learning would not be the same.
people that work, are th ones that are basically on the computer .
i remember one time i was mailing my family friends who was in , risking his life.
or how about a new hat for your friend?
dear local newspaper, i have found that many experts say that computers do not benifit our society.
an age limit on specific types of material could be added in the cases of sexual content, vulgar images, or distrubing content unsuitable for children.
new newspaper said that they are worried that it too many people got a good computer that no body would be outside enjoying what left of nature.
the games teach you different things about history.
you can see places like , , and even .
dear editor, have you ever stopped and asked yourself which was more important?
people usually seek to hurt a child by getting information out of them and meeting them.
hard works are of great quality.
so quite frankly, you should beleive that the computer is society benefitcial.
for example a few weeks ago, video chated many people in to undersand now bad conditions were after earth quake.
i dont go outside as much, and i don't as much.
maybe some kids don't have phones, so they can go log onto facebook and do everything a phone has to offer and more.
to me, it was irritating.
there are also certain people who need book for research and need to take home books for their projects.
movies, books, music, magazines, and more all have there own way of expressing the content in them depending on what the author is talking about.
take a break from the comptuer an go outside for a little bit injoy the weather an being outside.
he does not bring his own bedding and we have to supply it at great inconvenience to ourselves.
this is much like how our libraries are becoming.
you know says that over of people will never go in nature they get a computer.
girls today wish to be ultra modern, very rich and up-to-date in fashions and feasting.
that is why i think haveing a computer is a very positive thing.
from my humble opinion some parents are very strict about censorship and i completely understand the parents point of view.
this can be really helpful and convient to students and teachers.
i'm sure the terrorist group is greatly offended when they see the flag.
moreover, computers are doors into the real world, especially for residents of .
you can stay home, have money and typee the essay.
to prevent these issues, i say we put a limit on our use of technology.
so that's one reason why certain books, music, and magazines should be romved from shelves.
another part about censorship is where to draw the line on what is offensive enough to be censored.
you could go to their school website and check their grades in each class they have.
libraries need to be kid friendly places, so that all the ages can enjoy what it has to offer.
and we have no books on the shelf for any of us' (paterson).
that is of 's population!
that's why they.
would the judgement stop at just books, movies, and music?
she always works hard to give us a good education.
they should be in the other room to where you have to have like a id to get in.
in the morning she was soo grumpy because she was soo tired.
some houses are made of bricks.
communication through computers are extremely powiar.
secondly, computers allow people to gain knowledge in a matter of minutes on topic the sun.
i found directions within a second using a computer.
also, you can look up information on any place or any project and it will help you.
we get all our cereals and vegetables from the farmer’s field.
i like can quickley send live videos of yourself all the way across the world .
i know this from personal experience.
how do we know that the person were talking to who he/she say's he/she ?
i know that you can break free from it because i once experienced the same thing.
there are many reasons for this, but one big reason is because they sit in front of computers all day!
everyday i spend at least our writing something up for school.
most likely if you stay on the computer all day you will indeed on activities such as sports.
movies already have ratings so this kind of helps for people to check them out and make sure the movie would be safe to watch.
on the same note, people won't want to go to the library if they know they won't find what they want because someone took it down.
the second resson that i have on computers is that you talk to people online.
my own opinion, i think they have alot of excitement; with the killing and what not.
i myself as a take offense to some of these magazines, promoting being perfect and having the life sucked out of you as you read each passage.
that my give you a virus.
but if the libraries have censored content in the library, then kids would not enjoy it if they would have uncensored content.
we can stop history from repeating itsself by being well-informed.
you want to have the ability to learn about far away places?
lately, there has been an advancement in technology to help chane opperators maintain their skills during their of season vistually.
a lot of might get offended by all the racial slurs about .
you can do researching, say in touch with friends and family, and do a lot with music.
which is why i believe that censorship should not be allowed to effect libraries of the public.
it will also allow connection with old friends, save time, and provide entertainment to all who would like.
the computer gives people the opportunity to chat online with other people.
that is how computer games cause long term effects.
from said, ""computers are what helps my students grow.
and just because one person complains, dont take it out right away because to another person they might love it.
computers have made socialize long easer.
finally, computers allow millions of friends and family to communicate daily at no cost.
sometimes you simply be curious about something, your computer will be right their for you to use.
some books teaches them about the world they are growing up in.
dear , i believe that computers are a good source of technology.
in this matter experts are definatley right because kids and adults are spending too much time on the computer.
there are electronics out for children that they can plug up to there computer and learn different stuff.
it is sad when of teenagers say they would rather stay inside on myspace than going outside for a jogg.
you have to think about if we took all of the books that were inappropraite off the shelves of the library there wouldn't be anymore books.
now, some parents have hard times when their young boy comes home from school with an offensive book, but parents should have control over their kids.
in my personal experince, i have taken my ten year old sister to the library to barrow a movie and a few books.
there are thousands upon thousands of websites; all of which can teach people different things.
""everyone, young or old, should get outside for some fresh air for at least minutes everyday,"" .
but are books.
sometimes people cannot call each other because its too long distance.
they teach you about places you haven't seen before.
secondly the modern computer lis a huge necessity.
for example, in everyone eats seafood.
another is that people of all ages are becoming brainwashed by this electronic and not spending the time to learn things in quality.
in some cases this is true but in most cases studdies show that computers can help people.
im going to explane why within the most few paragraphs.
computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people and computers even allow people to talk with people online from all parts of the world.
also of adults staying is good.
some libraries contains books that's highly not appropriate for children, they have sections for adults and children to check out books.
there has been 'offensive' things in a library for as long as i can remember.
although there are people who think computers are good for you, others could say different.
they are in dirty clothes.
thank you for your time.
computers and the ability to colect information quily compared to years ago.""
well i'm sure that they have fun learning games and websites on a computer!
if we were to allow one person to judge things what should be included?
them to talk.
the reason why i say that is because we should be able to but what ever in our books that expresses our feelings in any way shape or form.
i bet you didn't know that!
buying music from the internet doesn't require any type of identification either.
that's really bad for your health.
these are the kids that are likely to get bad cramps.
it keeps us in touch with the world.
it was sad, but we promised to stay in touch.
get up, get active and go outside.
the computer lets us, as students, to broaden our horizon.
my people and i went to various airports and train stations across the country and interviewed people each.
most people these days dont care too much about learning about countries, other than their own, or people, other than people they know.
with my mother’s help, i have made a big collection of different models of planes.
well, you could go to the media and do interview after confrence after interview, or, you could simply post it on the .
why would someone think we are spending too much time in the internet if we are being educated?
just look at apples new , a desent rized touch screen computer.
some people might find them to be a waist of space and just remove it, if they did not like the book, movie, music or magazine.
for example, in , they sit on the floor they eat.
i have been noticing some kids in my school that are gaining weight.
i personally don't think they should.
they just make things so much easier.
but some are not aporpit for certain places.
i had in finnish my paper soon so i ran to my computer and typed it in half the time i would've spent writing it.
you can talk to people long distance.
they also don't get enough freshair.
first of all, computers help us stay in contact with the other countries around the world.
therefore i urge you to write an article in the newspaper about the effects of too much computer time, to make it known to everyone in the city.
if you have a computer at home you can build up your computer skills for school.
for every people when join a social page, get worse grades do to this issue.
computers have helped advance medicine as well.
we have taken these simple devices to far and haven't used them in moderation.
not only are computers fun but they're also very beneficial to society.
but, did you ever think that maybe there's another girl that is or has gone through some of these same situations.
those are the reasons why you shouldn't stay on the computer all day.
i had vocals is a galore to deal with.
and that isn' right.
its also good for business men because they count on computers for all there files.
dont over due it!
should certain books be banned or shouldn't certain books be banned?
thirdly, computers make things less stressfull.
finally, the times i find having a computer around me most helpfull is when i am just bored with nothing to do!
i hate cheats and fair-weather friends.
then they began their investigation.
since then he was also called the enlightened one.
lastly computers give you something to do in your free time, such as playing games.
if you need to learn about the of , all you have to do is type in it.
you can communicate, learn new things, and keep yourself entertained if you're not able to do something active.
you want a magazine that is going to be interesting and clean.
they once per a day after the sunset.
with the computer came smaller more compact computers till they were able to fit in the palm of our hand.
if children need to find inforamtion for a project or essay the can easily search the internet and find an answer.
you can talk to people from far away by using chat or the webcam.
these are all things people enjoy doing on a computer.
also, it's not just the readers getting angry, it's the author.
children from the age of and up are learning how to use the internets multiple online encyclopidias, amagazines, newssites or other resources to get information.
should certain materials be removed from your public library?
what appear to be justified in their minds, due to their beliefs, might cause an uproar from others.
if they went them they should order them offline mail at their house.
i have a number of cousins in who i only talk to if i go to visit which is very rare.
like say a high school paper.
computers and other gadgets have helped us go farther.
which is good because you can use them at your own convince.
computers already have a bad effect on people all around, and just think about what has just been mentioned.
everybodys different and likes to have their own personal preference on something.
this problem continues to grow and hackers feed off of weak sites.
for example instead of sending a short letter to the police cheif asking about what the new driving law is.
i know my aunts do.
how would you know what happened?
outside, it was warm and sunny.
they help you write essays, grades, charts ex.
now with a computer they will have no issue doing that.
you can play online games, off-line games, surf the web, chat, match videos, and so on and so forth.
many people do always rely on their computer and when it doesn't work it causes the person to get angry or frustated.
doesn't mean if it offeneds you that its offensive to other people
half the time im to busy talking to someone i don't know then helping my little brother with home work, or helping my mom clean the house.
there are tons of things you can do on a computer.
what she did not know was that; that book had taught me alot about the world back then.
just because you think the music a person listens to is offensive does not mean they think the same.
then the child started singing and dancing.
esspecialy adolesents, who enjoy the games that computers offer.
with global warning killing our environment people would care enouhg to psend a little girl of their time outside.
a second reason is haveing a computers poeple get to talk over the web and meet new poeple.
if that isn't enough, computers make it easy to learn new things and accomplish tasks.
eventhough my brother found a book that he disliked, he still continues to go to the library to find excellent books to read.
is good and bad in a way, is good because because your phone bill wont be that high up so you save minutes.
you don't know a lot of french and need a few words but don't have a dictionary.
everyone has one friend that talks them out of doing bad things.
now most, to all should know that there are children sections in most, if not all libraries.
then each family had to buy the software and programs to go with the computer.
i hope i've you enough to agree with me.
the water was icy cold, and made my fingers numb.
also, they have lost their abilities to interact in real life.
people spend so much time on them that they can get easily addicted.
we bought tickets and went in.
computer are bangin!
isn't it a blessing to be able to meet people from a far?
computers do benefit our society today.
i think using computers can help you learn new things and meet new people.
it gives the mind something positive to hold on to.
with all the new computer going on sale and new appliances coming no one knows when it will stop.
i would be surprised if one does not.
everyone knows the basic learning you get in school, which is extremely .
any where you go they're more likely going to see innapropriate actions that take place.
now that person has the right to report that person who was listening to it and he can say the library has no restrictions.
some music contain words that are children shouldn't be exposed to.
thank you for taking you time to read this letter.
let alone read about it in school!
one night, as i was sleeping, i heard loud cries of “fire!
they also say that without excersice our country will be filled with over weight people.
people then just give up and start goofing off on the computer because they don't feel like trying to get back to that page.
picture in the .
having books, music, movies, or magazines removed from the shelves if they are found to be offensive is in my opinion, a ridiculous notion.
he has to maintain law and order.
but now they use there computer many things can go wrong.
they give people acess to information about a foreign place or people be available in or other resources areas.
in my opinion they shouldn't have to.
books such as ' ' is a book i had read and it was very out there and straight forward.
and if we were to take all of those movies and books off of the shelf then there would be very few subjects and title to read and watch.
also computers now have videos all over on how to do things like how to and other useful information.
computers is one of the technology that helps people.
i'm not saying that its nessary for every house to contain one, but that its a luxay most people have.
when someone eats a big mac burger, should they go upstairs to play a flash game, or go work out at the gym?
although this movie is about historical events, it still needs to be taken off the shelves, in opinion.
if there were no computers i would have to use a typewriter and if i made a mistake i would have to type the whole thing again.
i think that was completely handled the wrong way.
we can look up how to stop snake venom from getting to your heart and how to make a how and some arrows to hurt with.
by meeting new people you have more connections in your life and more people to trust.
it's like talking to one another in person.
i believe that if books, magazines, movies, etc.
please listen or your child could stay back.
out of users of online chat was lured by a criminal to a "" meeting place"" and was kidnapped and never seen against last year.
you also learn social on the computer.
i think that there should be a rating system (or explanitory system) present in libraries.
taking things off shelves also has a good side to it.
but, i'm not the only one who has gained this knowledge from the internet, so many more have too.
also people can get arrested for what they write online.
he deals in ready-made garments.
maybe they dont know how to use one have better things to , or can't afford one.
it doesn't matter how old are you.
they're the ones who fall for those perverted old men.
as one walks, the worries and anxieties vanish away.
the people who are addicted will only know about stuf on the internet.
you can learn things on them or play games.
not saying that we should downgrade our technology, but we need to find a way limit it.
the books and other things are there for a reason, 'for to ', and to understand what there life is and how to fix it.
they promise you and make you believe to get you ideal things for your money.
one reason is kids cant write a page essay by hand the will use a computer because it is eascier.
not everyone agrees that technology is benefit to our growing well, but i believe it keeps us moving forward and away from ignorance in all of its forms.
did find out the laws she didn't find enough cause cause she was arrested multiple times in her first few years.
the internet is also an extremely useful help the research topic is very specific, if its a certain becteria or species that a book only briefly mention.
they sit there like lumps.
from books about racism, violence, or pornagraphy i wouldn't want my young children to be able to take those type of books out of the library.
when you are on the computer you are sitting down instead going outside and that because a habit.
the second reasons is that adults likes to do their jobs online.
the truth is that it isn't the medias fault, it is the parents.
there are millions of sites containing such content.
they keep you in touch with family, help you do work for school, also allow you to play video games and look up music.
for me to have fun on.
also if you want to find good hotels you can use the computer for that.
the problem is that people can't handle what they see.
people who put there time to writing all of there thought and ideas in that should not be just thrown off the shelf.
they feel they need to focus on winning and beating all their friends.
you could just move the mouse to a spot on the screen and no what to do.
even a person agreed computer would have to admit that to be highly beneficial.
it also can be useful for entertainment.
also, kids come home from school and upload their essay and continue to type it.
i strongly disagree that books should be removed if they are found offensive to a specific group, person, or community.
books and other media should not be removed from library shelves because what some people find offensive does not offend other people.
you can meet new people who can also give you good advice.
but, i am saying that they help society alot.
it will take longer to get a reply but its still worth the wait in the end.
i believe that an age limit should be set for certain types of materials.
as a student, i want to grow up in a world that has people who are resepectful, happy, and responsible.
experts say it's bad but the gives us a computer class in ?
there were so many great places to visit and learn about the history of .
out of all of them, chatting is the best.
first of all people spend to much time on the computer.
you either go break out the old atlas, or, with a simple click of a button on the computer, discover that the capital is .
there are many thing like games, chatrooms, socile thing.
he is kind, gentle and courteous.
sometimes i talk online with my cousin in because i have years i dont see her.
african-@caps6 could be offended by the explicit rascist comments and names within the pages.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have a positive effect on people.
since i am a teen i also know the problems with youths and computers.
a child can absorb many things and recall them at times where adults sometimes cannot remember.
well i hope this letter changed you oppinion on this great invention, the computer.
second, when.
first of all, people will get fat.
many people use computers.
i urge you to remember; computer are a way to connect with people and they are efficiant.
to begin, the computer is yet another distraction to our daily lives.
plus, with , people could look for a book all day, not find it and find out that someone else has it.
a mason is an essential person in society.
now, newpaper , what happen if you wrote computer language in your article woudn't you get fired?
to sum up, we can say that too many hands always create confusion.
my final point is that computers are proven to cause more stress.
people will almost always get offended about what they are watching or listening to no matter what it is, so why is censorship such a big deal?
this is another one of my reasons why people dont use computers.
if music or movies become a hazard then it should not be welcome in the library.
i think that computers are an important part of a persons life because the information found on a computer is very useful.
you want kids to be over weight like i was?
computers have caused many people money, friends and time.
computers are not realy benificial to our socity.
in one case a girl actually killed because of nasty messages posted about her.
example, my uncle lives in .
lastly, why is that everyone time i turn on the radio, there is always a song that is not right for anyone to listen to.
there are things in life that people need to be opened to or informed about even though they not always be plesent.
latly i have seen less and less people outside anymore.
but because it is a series, should it be removed from shelves?
the animals are our best friends.
why remove other people's interests when you can just put an age limit on it and let your child get a hold of it.
now can not type out, and still do all his other homework.
witout computer how you going to cheak your yahoo .
had the computer here a bigger range of knowledge then a have.
in order to maintain healthy you have to eat right and good in riding a bike.
it never has.
you can learn to surf the web because after a while you will know were everything is and be a web master.
but then again these are people that use them for entertainment and other social things.
so i'm against censorship, because it's not going to accomplish anything but make children more sheltered.
you see if kids chat online their friends can remind them of important nescesitys such of homework.
well, the computers can do the same thing, expect with greater efficiency and with more places to choosen from.
the rain caused water logging everywhere.
i bet that people would agree with me, don't you think?
some teachers (including my own, ) have taken the initiative to incorporate the modern technology of computers into their teachings.
final reson that i support this decision is that they help teach you hand eye coordination.
in fact, you can get millions of great recipes.
they teach hand-eye coordination, give people the ability to easily learn about faraway places and people, and allow people to talk online with other people.
also they're posting pictures of themselves without even thinking that this is a dangerous thing to do.
i am years old and i have alot of friends that chat on the computer, and i am one of them.
while studing the unit, we were assigned a research assignment over the lesson.
i believe that computers are a good thing to have because you can hear about the latest stories, and you can keep your own information neat.
i think computers are benefitial to our society because it can help you learn and it could tell you when or where to sign up for activities.
webcams are a could way also in discussions.
computers are meant for business not for people to sit around and to nonsense things.
he could make you, by tricking you, do stuff that normally you wouldn't do cause you think he's your age or he likes you.
computers have documents and it is the best way to type.
dear local newspaper, people think that computers educate people for the future but i think that they actually harm children and adults as well.
facebook, , , of fish, and singles net are all sites that you can find friends or the one that's right for you.
the computer age is here and it is exactly.
instead of using them we could be getting the right amount of exercise, and spending it with family, and lastly enjoying nature and our surroundings.
although times are constantly changing and things are different then they used to be, with a little help we can restore it to where it used to be.
i mean, how could anyone live without family, friends, the beauty of nature, and your own health?
it also help people like cops.
computers incourage very bad things.
the libary is where all kids that have reports or essays on important people come to.
many people wanted it to be censored.
she states, 'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the shelf.
i know more than kids that have glasses now, i also know that over parents i know now have glasses for the same exact reason.
if every threwout one computer a year their would be over million discarded dells, gateways, macs, we would be living in trash.
often say that they are stressed and depressed.
i strongly urge you to consider my opinion on the benefits of modern technology and think of all the people computers have helped.
if we were to take everything out the libraries that comes off offensive it wouldn't be a place were you could find things that you wanted.
you cant type a message or hide your feelings behind a screen.
first how hamful it today is of own computers.
but i'm not going to ask for the books to be taken off the self.
, instead of wasting all your cell phone minutes, go buy a laptop or computer with a camera on it so you can video chat.
they are also far more reliable.
movies are not a huge issue but they can be at times.
do we need computers at home?
, it is now possible study without of the , can be done on the internet online.
when she worked at the company, they gave her a laptop that she could use only for her work.
he also takes letters from the school to other nearby offices.
strict parents might believe that books, magazines, and music are offensive and should not be at the library, but that isn't what everyone else thinks.
there are a lot of people that feel it is not appropriate enough to be taught in school.
computers a very good effect on our town's specify.
in the long run, doing more things by computer instead of on paper will save billions of trees!
it has become near that computers have become along part of peoples lives.
i take care of them.
most people, instead of taking action, will be on the computer.
there is a reason why things are , , and .
if you need to learn your multiplication table, you type it in and it will show up in the matter of seconds.
why bother to go aginst them when they benafit society so much?
well with computers you can do that you can just search the place and see what the place has.
lastly, for a teenager or older they are more social than little children.
to me computers are positive.
some thing you can to get them to go out side with you is take the computer away for a week and have fun with your child.
children read in a wide variety, some read there dr.suess books and other could be reading ''.
if someone wants to start a business, their first stop is usually the internet.
the amount of people that lack a sufficient quantity of exercise has risen in the past decade.
there are many reasons why it has a good effect on people but the first and maybe one of the most important is it is an amaizing learning tool.
if he/she don't she a problem with it tell him/her to read from your perspective and then think about it.
high schoolers should be able to control reading about sex, drugs, or drinking.
your child is not there to be addicted to computers your child is there for education!
dear newspaper , look at advances in technology over the years and can tell what an influence it has had on current day and people.
now that you have read my reasons, i hope you like them.
support me on this by limiting usage of computers and by helping the public see the dangers that these technological devices bring.
they opened the engine and did some adjustments.
computers allow people to talk with others online, have the ability to educate in certain areas, and teach hand-eye coordination.
since are living in modern ages families understand that kid leaves to college they might be going far away or even across the country.
i think that people need to step away from the computer desk, get good grades, avoid bullying and criminals.
if your a stay at home mom ya can work on the computer to handle finances.
well eventhough you are not talking to someone in person and only on the computer what you do over computer is not safe.
are you a person who likes to enjoy nature?
even then we can that letting imagination flow is better than letting the imagination get cencored.
a production company can be face to face with a company from china without being in the room with them.
i agree with katherine paterson in her quote because it means that if we took away every book that someone found offensive then there would be no books left.
people soend to much time on the computer, and they don't exercise like they should.
than parents all you got to do is take those songs away.
the goat and the lion lived in peace together.
that is another reason why computers benifit our society.
when someone can sit around all day clicking a mouse or typing keys in, how much are they really getting?
without the internet, which is instanly to carry the newest.
not one person is the same so not all books are going to be eye ctaching and interesting to every person.
whether it's for work or the one keeping in touch with a relative.
i keep in touch with them, with out lossing my friendships.
books should not be removed for many reasons.
also it allows you to stay in touch with your family no matter how far you live or what country that you life in.
to conclude i think that computers have lots of effects on people.
it is a very useful department for the public.
people can make a fake e-mail adress and make a false account on or .
professor , from says, "", since more people are learning how to use the computer, it is becoming more convinent to everyone.""
and hopefully they will lead you to an idea that will end in a helpful change in society.
for example an online game can let you chat make friends,
the amount will build up every day you dont bring ther books in.
you might say that it is good for me but it is not good for you.
so i went on facebook at around , when everyone was home from school and my friend told me what was for homework that night.
if you have messy handwriting then you can go and type it up lastly you can songs, video, and much more when you browse the web.
it is about a young teenager who learns to deal with all the struggles of growning up by depending on , and it helped me do the same.
they should have them from child to adult but in different sections.
they should know what its doing to them, and what's happening to the world around them go outside and enjoy nature?
it causes the world to change very fast.
computers allow me to do my sport and still get a good grade in school.
if this were to happen then kids would grow up thinking that this is a esay world.
when class is over and your teacher is trying to scramble to get the homework out, mostly no ones listioning all they want to do is scat.
and the or libraries just should not make students read books that they don't feel comfortable reading.
furthermore, i ask you why are people flooding their brains with unrealiable information?
but what if there was () computer!
now thats why computers are straight entertainment.
stopping obscene literature from being in the reach of the people is stopping writers from speaking out.
games some p.c.
i rember when is was doing a project on the computer and got a on it becuse i used the computer.
i then formed my own personal opinions on what i gathered from the books.
you just have to keep the time minimum we could ensure this rule by having a time limit set at home.
people have humiliated others on the internet.
finally, the computer is an important resource because you can chat with your friends.
he tells me that his on a line, hooking up with other people.
just remember, whenever you can, go out and play or hang out with friends and family.
thats right, i went there.
also, documents can be sent over email that would be near impossible for a home phone and difficult for most cells to process.
computers are deffinitely not a good thing for families.
according to studies done by the (), people spend over hours a day on the computer.
such as falls, rain forests etc.
is this good or bad?
some people think it gives you a negative effect, but really it doesn't.
i feel if you are reading a book or listening to music and you hear something offensive to you , just turn it off.
some censorship is good, and a fact of life.
the time is now!
some items offend someone's beliefs and be rude.
but when we don't limit ourselves, it has bad consequences.
computers are a great help for reports, vacations, chatting, information to help you study for a test.
also if someone doesn't know where a house or store is located they cab quickly look it up on the computer.
most people blame it on fast food, but it's also because people sit around using computers, and dont think about staying in proper shape.
.com is a bounty of information, serving up marsels of links for any-and every-topic.
in a modern world, there's going to be language and personal attributes that would be found offensive to old people and viewers of public broadcasting.
many kids who there homework on computers are very easily distracted.
well youtube is where you should go to learn abat history, todays lifestyle and more.
about of adults confess that they too have fallen into the new fads such as , , and .
if the child is exposed to inappropriate media, for a long period of time, they think that it is ok to use it in everyday life.
about what society would be like.
can include teasing, hurtful comments horrible name-calling and fowl language.
an email could be waiting for them online whenever - and whereever - they check .
movies you like and it also can be movies you need for a project or even educatoinal movies.
if people don't like them, or they think that it is offensive, they shouldn't go to that library.
i think, we shoud cut down out use on these websites, so children and teenagers can get their homework done.
is a online service that you use to talk to them in person.
i think if people get offended over a book or something like that and complain, they shouldn't be aloud in the library.
with other materials like books, music, and magazines, there is no way to deny access to people to see or read them.
i think that the world is more harmfull sometime than anything.
primary ones include the ability to exchange messages with friends and family, help in the medical field, and expansion of knowledge.
in this day in age the technology era has begin and typing is a necessity.
give our community the ability to reach out to the farthest parts of the globe, give them computers.
another great thing about the new technology is that we can make new friends and talk to different types of people from all over the world.
i know that when i was younger i used to play math and science games on the computer to help me study for tests.
for example of people will stay on the computer all day and won't even worry about their kids.
they should be able to go to school, and not worry about the book that they grab at the library.
the last effect is talking to people that you don't know form online.
he'd put his credit card information in and sit and play all day.
i was so happy that i gave my brother a tight hug.
lastly, it is stated that you dont .
some people need computers.
hand-eye coordination is excellent skill that you need in life.
a website called .com was the frist to anounce 's death befor anyone even suspected it.
my first reason for sayi-ng computers affect people is that they cant get excersize when there face is glued to a computer screen all day.
this of the should only be entered by an adult, or with an adults permission.
help , to become a safe place for our childern.
these are all important things that we lack if we spend too much time on the commputer.
though i kept falling, i did not give up.
seasons change according to the earth’s revolution around the sun.
these could possibly cary over into the situations where you need good reflexes and quick thinking.
one of my good friends is a natural blonde and she is probably the smartest blonde i have ever met.
computers have everything, any info you need get it off of the computer.
think about it, hour often you go outside?
when we look for information on the internet, you would use yahoo, google, and other informational websites that you need.
so now you really need to talk to him or her you can by using webcam.
why wouldent people want us to express ourselvs?
my friend wanted me to get one because she said she had one one wanted me to get one too.
was mostly about the love those two people shared for each other and the man went through after his love died.
for example any book that involves nudity or lots of vilance.
it broke everything down into details!
many of our tribes live inside forests which have trees.
if you don't like the theme of the book then why are you reading it?
everyone takes something offensive but not everyone takes the same thing offensive.
as you reading you will find out my second reason fro being to much in the computer.
if your town offers all of these activities, they are helping you out.
it wouldn't be right at all to take those books out of the library.
in most libraries, you will find anything you are looking for that can be contained within the confines of a book.
as you computers have a lot of positive effect on people.
you can experience problems with your computer, if you stay on the computer for to long it can over heat and that can cause it to stop working.
in this modernized world computers are key.
when purchasing a book, not many cashieers would stop a child and say, 'that's innappropriate for you'.
this allows people to gain, ""friendships"" with others that dont know the real you.
if it were not for books and novels from the past, the current generations would have no clue of what history was about.
we should be grateful to the doctor.
use for bidding on ebay or amazon.
i must admit, i was before a computer addict, and believe me the effects it has on people are atracious.
for example, when the earthquake devestated , i first saw it on the news, but got very few details.
money can also contribute to the addiction.
trust me, you arent going to burn any calories by clicking a mouse.
parents look at anyone and everyone, but themselves when a kid comes home and has learned a cuss word or somthing.
so how the sapposed to get to the library?
thus, i enjoyed the aerial view over most of the important cities.
but in a small village, there is one post office only.
this gos to show that the computer is a positive thing for people.
first many people, actually of the worlds population are generally stationary, and line in a local town or city environments.
hand-eye cordination is an important skill that is acquired.
what guidlines do you have in determing excluding the offensive materials?
i know that if i did i'd get in big trouble.
for example pictures of weed, cocaine or pills are in books.
which cuts off oxygen to vital areas of the body.
there exercising there brian and they can interacte with people.
we should help to educate and rehabilitate them.
it's really sad that parents allow this to happen and i think the parents should grow up and disapline thier students.
then there is email which can send letters, photos and comments.
you gain, typing skills, hand eye coordination and mouse skills.
however, there is a definite line that reaches over to offensiveness that can easily be crossed by authors across the globe.
thank you for your time!
people can go to librarys' and learn about differnt things that they want to learn about.
futhermore when she found a book that she thought be interesting.
, let me just change my acconut.""
computers can teach you how to type without even looking at the keyboard.
it would cause much argument among people.
computers can do many things, they help us with getting jobs by teaching us hand-eye coordination.
i know, after an hour or more online.
country music for example is very peaceful to me.
my father, an electrition, has to sned out emails and documents about his latest project several times a week.
two years ago there was a boy named .
i know from my own personal experience that you will see things that people think should be censored.
the computer is use for evrye thing this days.
but we can prevent this if we the of time people out spend on computers.
or, a book about someone's parents dying could help a child in the same situation overcome the grief.
many a time she helps us in locating and selecting books.
if everybody spent less hour on the computer, they could save off their electric bill.
put yourself in the mind of a computerf addicy.
based on these positives, 't you agree with my opinion?
thus all his works of literature were partial to the humble common man.
for example, instead writing a letter to someone, mailinbg to them, and having to wait two days for them to receive , email them!
some people, say that computers enable internet conversations between friends, and computers pass off information about faraway places and people.
sometimes you will be bored something to do go on computer.
my third reason is you can work on the computer.
my third and last reason is to be organized.
magazines are different because they have peoples faces on the front cover which is uncalled for.
we stayed in a hotel which was within a walking distance from the sea.
the bus took a few passengers and moved on.
information you would find at museum years ago.
if we take action rashly or foolishly, it may ruin us.
they help them because these is so many ways to communicate with people through the computer.
i not agreed the people shuld d in the computer a lot and i going to said way.
another place where hand-eye cordination comes in handy is sports.
katherine has a good view on the idea of censorship in libraries.
last example is if you want to learn about your countries history and the leaders behind it then you would use the computer.
people would start to cut down on the amount of time they spend on their computers and start to live.
in my personal opinion i never remove anything from a library because i know their are alot of people with many interests.
an that means of the people won't have jobs.
another opportunity that could be helpful on a computer is the ability to interact with other people.
first, being able to talk to distant friends and relatives is now passive with the .
there is the oldies, country, jazz, hip hop, an etc.
there are many advantages to computer, but there are also disadvantages.
there are so many games for the computer it's horrible says of .
this can improve our travel.
if it were not for books like this, how would out society learn about not only 's history, but other culture's history?
when a computer is used, the user doesn't move around or exercise.
to learn about love, math, history, and much more.
then, i went on a tutoring websites and they taught me everything that i was having trouble with.
so, if everything is changing around you why do you want to be stick in the past?
be smart and safe!
but to much time on the computer can cause you noth wanting to get exercise or maybe getting sick easier.
maybe whatever you found offensive wasn't meant to be offensive.
dear readers the , in this time almost everything revolves around tecknology, , , , with the .
readings is something that we cannot get away from.
one of the things that sparked our countries secession from , was censorship.
if i were the principal of my school, i would make it a very good school.
they usually just sleep around the house when they are lonely.
without computers students would have it a lot worse.
but now more and more people think its a waste of time.
this is benefical to anyone that has lost touch with friends or even family.
every citizen should be aware of the sad plight of disabled children.
the think computers are ruining social skills and healthy bodys.
two of the many privaleges that we have as are freedom of speech and freedom of expression.
items should not be removed from the shelves just because someone takes offense to it.
or even just to talk to a friend that you havent seen in awile.
the same goes for any form of media.
electricity is very important for us.
some people thought it was wrong and they shouldnt do it because of one person said it was offensive but they did it any way.
computers could help us in math, by using formilas and a calculator on calculator.com.
i think that this news paper should post up adds about gyms and maybe that will lower the faty meter in our town.
dear newspaper, has an essay due on plants for science tomorrow.
if they are needed for a school project that fine but using the computer everyday rather than exercising is not okay.
most content that some people find offensive is for adult audiences.
finally, the popular program of facebook has changed communication forever.
they also search for addressed and phone number.
you can look up one think and find something elsa, but it will cech your eyes.
for example, in political cartoon inside of newspapers, is sometimes compared with a .
this is why i think computers do not have a good effect on the people who use them.
kids should get off the computer and worry about school.
if a child or parent cannot go to the library for some reason they can use their computer at home.
imagine a world where the government let the media say whatever they want.
that is because it gives people a place to interact with others, to learn things on school websites, and they teach hand-eye coordination.
the vast amount of movies made today should not even be a thought in someones mind but some are good and educational.
if you need to find out where something is you can always count on the internet.
also, children do a lot of school work on the computer.
the second thing is that the schools is going to keep the books on the shelves and the students are going to want to read them more.
and i respect other people's opinions.
so by secluding the books, magazines, videos, etc.
how will anyone see the beautiful sights of the outside world if their eyes are glued to the computer screen?
computers can teach us!
in this economy it is important to have socal skills.
when i was twelve years old i started to listen to music that i enjoyed instead of the music my mother played.
people have the right to know everything.
i dont know why you experts are so concerned about computer taking away people's live's look what it has done for my family.
computers and internet are a recent innovation.
you can't see who's really talking to you on a computer.
well as a teen myself i have learned that by intercating with family and friends are vary important to our health.
it is a fast and easy way to communicate with someone.
since the internet population is growing, companies allow people to fill out applications and send in resumes in order to apply for a job in said company.
dear newspaper, i think a computer is not something bad for you.
would you want your child veiwing things that you have no control over?
processing, recording, storing, and retrieving information.
for example, internet checkers is a game that lets you compete against someone else.
you can see someone who's thousands of miles away, as if they were right infront of you.
none the less, there is more entertainment open to everyone.
and you shouldn't be outside all the time, for the whole day.
these are or the many problems computers cause.
third reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because some people find jobs online.
furthermore, computers are used as a way for people to stay in touch.
it's like an addiction.
we can chat with our friends, which is very useful.
plus we would also find up doing bills and taxes without computer software.
when talking on a computer there are many new ways that are popular and fast, such as email welcoms aim, facebook and many more.
in a whole year your paying for something you don't need!
it was a lovely experience.
the test subjects saw doctors from problems with joint pain.
as previously mentioned, computers ease the hassels of life.
when authors write books they are pouring their hearts out to us.
first of all, removing classics from the shelves of libraries because they offend certain people is completely unwarranted.
i think it's a mirical and it's so amazing to see how much our world has changed in only about years.
thats one of my reasons.
we need censorship because of viloence and drug use.
and he "" you know that some people don't know how to use an computer?""
teachers can calculate students averages easier and faster and children can do their homework efficiently.
secondly, it's a form of communication.
facebook and twitter let you talk to friends, post photos and talk about your personal life.
this is teaching them hand-eye coordiantion, and how to type.
that brings us in next issue.
as a middle schoolers growing up, i believe using computers can be beneficial at same point but it is also damaging our society.
he tells them how important the fruits are for a healthy body.
secondly, too much time spent on the computer affect your ability to communicate with others.
as you can see computer are a nucents.
like i sayed in the first pargraph there parents need to pay more attention to their children.
you can look & browse at things available in a store.
you might think that computers are helping society today, but you are wrong.
it’s high time now that the government should impose severe laws to protect our waterways.
do we take the teacher out of the classroom?
you will have no worries then.
some teachers take some food or tea.
first of all, i know many people think that others wasted their time on computers.
you can talk, email, even see people through a computer because now adays everyone has a videcam hooked onto their computer.
wouldn't you agree that computers are needed in our life.
which has helped are society in ways.
this is one of my reasons why computers effect people in a bad way!
sure it might be pricey to
lets say, that i had a work document on yearly company profits and i needed to got it to my boss.
becuase it was taken away, why come to a library?
these are only some things i can do on my computer.
as we all know, everyone is different and have their own interests, so they should be able to find the book, music, etc.
we began video taping a posting.
the classrooms are large.
she has a beautiful white neck, two wings, a small tail and a tiny beak.
moreover, the computer is a good way to quictly play games.
why do you think the obesity is so high these days?
we should earn through our efforts.
its better that children learn at a young age and just trying to keep things from them will make them want it more.
people should not be shielded from the real aspects of life.
it can increase their education, give them entertainment, and even help out on their job, or help them find a job.
, the author of "" "" also states in his book that over million people use internet to videochat for educational purposes.
would exercise everyday after work for two hours.
there is also a religion conflict.
the cenorship in libraries are not made just for you, they are made for everbody around you.
your family is always their to comfort you when ever you have a terrible day.
if the internet wasn't such a big thing it is now, i bet you there would be less overweight people.
many hobbies can be used commercially and it can bring fame.
it's not healthey to sit around the computer day!
there are many popular websites that allow people to chat and communicate at anytime.
another is you can find a family member you haven't seen in along time.
they need to be spending more time with family and friends.
i have many times playes games with and .
so i really don't get offened.
the media does a bad job of showing teens it not right to do the things they see on tv.
they have a choice on whether they can get it or not.
picture yourself looking at bright computer sreen for six hour non-stop.
as a , i doubt you say that research is a negative affect on school kids.
and this isn't the only way friendships are ut on the line by computers.
no one really goes for walks any more either.
dear local newspaper, i think computers have both good and bad effects on people.
some don't even go there for the books.
they're a lot of faraway places that have their own specil way of showing you a great time.
compare a person with a laptop to one without.
another way is go on a website where you can pen-pal someone from a different place in the world.
most importantly it gives people the ability to learn about the wonders of far away places.
for example people past, and blog lies about people online.
offensive language be present in the books and now the young person will see them and try to use the words or phrases.
using computers is good for the body as well as the mind.
the local newspaper is doing a survay about peoples opinion about technology.
no one is making you watch or read any of that.
and of kids wine have cell phones say they don't think they need their family interaction anymore.
if more people were easy going then i wouldn't be writing this essa.
i think the books in a should not be censored because parts of history get kind of gross and nasty.
most importantly, computers come in handy when researching for projects or something else that requires lots of up-to-date information.
the computer is a positive advance in society, and everyone should be assured so!
kids need to get away from the computer.
on the other hand the computer does have cons.
if you need information, talk to someone, or buy something its got it.
i bet almost every kids has played a game on the internet before.
i would on the computer all night if i could but i don't want my body out.
i got really mad when i read it so i threw it down the took it to the library and complained to them.
, the succesful owner of .
after saying many prayers to the lord, she finally thought that.she just knew what this hunt was going to take.
don't brag, but just know you are privleged for a computer.
now, you know why computers effect people.
it is also not another persons right to decide what other people can and cannot observe.
that could be a good and a bad thing.
they rather do it on the computer because they don't have to say it to there faces.
it can take years off your life.
books have been an important tool for students for a long time.
i am here to teach about the benifits of exercising and not the un natural ways of a computer.
dear editor, i hear you are looking for your citizens opinion in if computers are bad or good.
he had received a big cut on the forehead.
computer is something people use to talk to people and keep in contact.
can be labeled as wasteful or dangerous.
the typing does all the work for you so you won't spend hours writing to someone.
once they watch the movie, it have some heavy language, sex-related humor or content.
another reason, kids that spend time on the computer get bad grades.
computers are an incredibly important part of many peoples lifestyles.
that is the whole point in reading is so you can learn.
if the parents explain, kids will understand why it is not good for them.
but not everybody thinks they benifit society.
many different opinions about whether computers belong in our life have been shared.
now she told my family and i that she was badly offended by what they were called and what they were about.
you will get used to talking to people and when you get comfortable you will talk to them in real life.
computers of course!
well i believe that having computers around are good because.
rather a old movie or a new release.
life cannot exist with nothing to thrive off of.
going on the computer takes away from this time.
they can make the choice by the way they have been raised or just because that is what they think is right or wrong.
lastly, the internet has very inapropriot websites that kids should not be seeing.
but whats you opinion?
choosing what book to read is your opinion so you don't have to read a book you dislike.
ask.com is the best website because it tells you what ever you want to know in a matter of seconds.
i know i don't.
sometimes we have family that lives long distance, no one wants to pay for a call so we have the internet to connect!
while children should not exactly be watching porn or reading '', they definantly should not be kept from reading, listening to, or watching anything they desire.
using a typewriter, when they made mistakes which was on, they had to start all over.
you could even learn about a computer and all of its history!
this websites help take your mind off a bad day.
books are filled with great stories of far-away lands, accounts of real events, and poems with powerful meanings.
in school libraries the majority if not all of the library is devoted to children or teenagers.
dear local newspaper, i have heard about this issue concerning people are on their computer to much.
i, along with many other students, find this discouraging and distastrous, so i do not believe that censorship should affect books that are on the shelves.
these are the things you should have.
in fact, , in , , just began using these games as part of their training this .
he also says that its due to sitting infront of the computer and eating.
with a computer you could do so many things!
also makes easier to find things, like files because you can just do to "" documents"" and find .
also in my opinion the news from the internet is visually less condensed than on .
my opinion is that they should not be on the computer staring at a screen for long periods of time.
one reason is because you can do a lot of things on the computer itself.
that is my opinion because if readers go into the library and find an offinsive book to us might not be offinsive to him/her and his/her standards.
those scenes or words can be put back in the movie once is sold in stores.
with one click, acfepting a strongers inivte, the online predators hack into the child's computer and obation such valuable information.
these gems of future, are like a human being; they have their own mind and can figure out answers to all problems.
lastly, there are predator online.
if you don't have time to take a trip to you local library to a book, would you learn?
you spend less time exercising which you'll gain weight.
she still talks to the people in high school, but she mostly talks to her older sister.
the internet, in this instance, obviously had a positive impact on society.
it helps many people figure out the right deit and workouts so they can stay happy and healthy.
there were many pictures and videos up on these social networking sites that let everyone enjoy my baby sister.
if you take away what they like to read doesn't that mean they will stop reading?
do you really think i would go all the way of to learn about crocodiles when i can just turn the computer on and get-lost in the crocodile world?
research as also easier than is to computers you can just about anything than to computers.
there is an alternative to censoring all of these things, rather than 'ruining' everyone's fun just dont let your kids watch that show.
please don't stay on the computer for a long time.
we should be grateful for friendships.
can kill you!
obesity can make life difficult for people and can also lead to disease.
just get outside and talk to your neibor see what they think.
magazines in my opinion should be censored.
my final reason is because some people just don't care.
also people don't realize that warming is becomeing a big problum.
maybe if we surely excluded computers and technology for a while, global warming won't be nessicary.
you plan to play for minutes, but the minutes turns into minutes, which even turn into an hour!
it also can have an effect on your eyes in your later life.
this vocabulary change could be prevented if computer were not used as much.
in conclusion, that's how computers are so helpful, beneficial, important and fun to our society.
if every parent had the right to get a book banned, there come a time when no books meet the approval of the parent.
not only do you type on it, you learn on it.
don't think that no one will know are ways to track down coversations between people.
click the next link and watch as a beautiful humming bird swarms across the screen of your desktop.
this can have positive effects on people.
the has enough water in it to flood the earth.
they are probly looking at or buy a new truk or they are looking at the history on all the wars and how they were started.
it is also the season of color and beauty.
although i see why some people oppose to computer, i completely and utterly disagree.
using computer keeps people inside and not exposed to nature.
i feel from seeing and reading those things it has made me a better person not to do the 'bad things' that they are doing.
millions of toms of paper land in landfills each day!
this is great for not only school, children but adult to.
we are depleeting our oxygen supply and destroying habitats of animals and insects.
you will have know idea where to go because you never learned how to read a map.
for example, might want to read a book about abortion, but is against and offended by that book or subject.
nothinggood comes out of using a computer.
i think the computer teaches you hand-eye coordination.
computers dont provide that.
people don't realize thats the first thing in life is your family.
most of all though is adopted kids could talk to their birth parents online.
the book ' ' is about a young girl that grew up without a father.
from personal experience i can back this statement up with books i have read going through my school career.
computers can the history of place not us.
mainly centers on keeping information stored an organized in files however you wish and is for quick access to them.
they have lead us to think we can do greater things in life and keep our earth safe and to stop damaging it as much.
it is found in our home-gardens.
i'll tell you why.
what i by programs is yes of course videogames.
every child deserves the chance to read any book they wnat, unless a gurdian forbids.
one reason computers are so useful in the workplace is because computers can storee far more data that can be put on paper.
people have to learn to just limit their time.
it should be kept in a certain section of a library so parties wishing to avoid it can.
saturn is the only planet which has rings around it.
there are so many better ways people could spend their time than infront of a computer.
not to forget that it is more entertaning.
they do not do regular activities like going to the supermarket because you can shop online.
any thing could happen at any time with your computer, of no where it could just die and not work and of your data will be gone forever.
computers have way to much negative effectson people.
three out four adults who used computers say that they help them with their work and social status.
have you ever been one of those students who write their papers, but get bad grades because their handwriting was messy?
sites like this, and many more, are great when you need information.
but no matter what, the computer definatly benefits us.
as technology becomes more user-friendly, children have adapted to computers giving them answers to all of their questions.
child used he was a toddler," says , a resident, "and now his teachers are so impressed by his reading and writing skills.
thus, the old couple were saved from their valuables being stolen by burglars.
variety is what seperates a person's opinions, and makes their being different than another's.
there is no exception for someone to not put their oportunities out, just because they don't have the time or a computer.
i remember when i was younger i would love to learn about the .
i know i would not.
guess what the libraries have some of these compact discs of these artists that are played on this radio station.
first, you can learn about things you didn't even know were real, in an instant.
whatever doesnt you makes you stronger, right?
computers can become harmful to nature and destroy homes for animals, for example when you print something from your computer it prints if out on paper.
dear , i think computers have a positive effect on people because it will help you with interacting, learning and coordination.
computers are a great benifit to society.
you can explore any place you want with the click of a button.
computers are very beneficial to society because they allow us to complete things very quickly and efficiently.
books including racial slurs, sexual content, and offensive religious comments can accidentally be stumbled upon while searching for something else.
if people really didn't want to see offensive books or anything else why would they be seeing it in the first place.
games be fun, but they teach us skills too.
dear readers, i believe that spending time on the computer has its pros and cons.
as teen who attends school i know that i would not be able to do a lot of my school work and projects without my computer.
if certain offensive things were taken off of the shelves of libraries such as music, books etc.
the reason i support this is because i like to look up history about and pioneer who have changed humanity.
well, for an example, you had to do a project on .
they go on , , and etc.
it is a wonderful thing it really is what makes the world go around.
but i think we should have anything, that teaches you something in the labrary.
games sites like ""facebook"" have become very popular.
my mother and i worked out a compromise that i could read novels that she approved of.
the only friends that you would most likely have is friends on the computer.
just think a sales person for instance.
the players are going to get old and they will retire and if no one is going to take their place then the games would be cancled.
that wouldnt happen to him if he spent more time on the computer.
and you can watch live sports games from your computer.
if we did this more offtine maybe and adults too.
also if you are talking to someone that has a name of someone you know.
sometimes there are books, magazines, music and movies that offened us.
but thats not the only way people are learning on the internet.
water is very necessary for us.
this can certainly lead to brain problems, hard time seeing and the biggest thing is death.
also theres i.ming, its wen you can talk to your friends online its a great way to comunicate and meet new people.
this is a great thing for everyone.
movies should also be censored.
dear , i belive that people are spending to much time one computors.
this caused by plack billed up or weight going.
without books like those many people can't get ideas to help them creat thier own book or novel.
things like exercise, socializing and homework matter.
plus, if kids have to start handwriting their papers that would improve their handwriting, because they wouldn't get the simplicity typing.
in conclusion, computers have outstanding effects on people.
if we didn't have a computer, research would be much more of a struggle and could require travel.
censorship is not good for any society.
if you censor all of that material out less movie tickets will be bought, less books will be sold, and less music will be listened to.
parents send messages via email to their children at college.
there is very little privacy offered and your page can just be put out in the public.
if we tried to remove all the offensive books, from the libraries we wouldn't have anything left on the shelves.
just think all that i have told you about, gave you examples of all started with that one single book.the offensive book towards sexists and towards black people.
now reading this i hope you believe that computers benefit society.
in movies, could be scenes that you don't approve of.
but because they want to talk to their friends make plans and just talk while they play togeather.
no wonder i got into the habit of visiting the nearby orchard for solitude and incidentally stealing fruit.
is so fun watching .v.
in my opinion i think that computers have a good affect on people.
but there should be time limits for how long people stay on the computer.
a simple message though one of these websites will make someones day and could even make yours.
@caps2's quick, easy and fun.
to conclude i think computers are not good for us.
speech on: advantages and disadvantages of science
all in all it seems to be a great waste when censoring books for the public.
they also have many sites for that sole purpose such as .
i hope you agree with me after reading this.
the trees retain carbon and release oxygen for the use of living beings.
the television is an improvement on the radio.
next, how many student's parents work?
they stop caring about school, sports, even their friends.
can you imagine a world without computers?
computers also let people learn new things.
i would make physical education compulsory for all the students.
you have a system?
doctors say that of their parents are obeise or over weight according to .
some affects are it takes away from family and friends, you don't really have a social life and you don't get enough excersise.
please when you are writing you article before and listen to my facts.
it has come to my understanding that there is a dispute about the benefits of computers - should we have them and advance them, or not?
we've all seen the commercials on that encourage you to "" !""
one reason computers are good, is the communication.
why should multiple people lose a good read just because someone doesn't like what they see?
it sits there and looks at me with its shiny eyes.
just because we use computers to make our life easier, it does not mean that we don't value spending time with family.
they also say that they are not interacting with family and friends.
i usually play for a couple hours.
when doing this you can play some really fun games on a rainy day when you are bored.
computers can also help by talking to people.
just because one person reads a book or magazine and they find something in there that they do not like they call offensive.
another benefit of having computers is most kids on the internet go to have fun or entertain themselves, which could lead to a positive ego or better self-convidence.
computers have evolved a long way since they were invented in the 's.
mr. david has four children-two sons and two daughters.
does computers have an effect on people?
at least of students in schools today are getting zero on homewrok or test because their teacher can't read their hand writing.
for most people they are very usefull.
if one parent could pull a book off a shelf then another could do it and soon you would not have any books.
colours in a person’s attire reflect his personality.
the world cannot be sugar coated or portrayed as perfect, because that is not lfe.
would you want the effect to be that you couldn't talk to some your friends anymore?
many said, ""i was considering flying to , but now the webcams and email are useful and save us both a lot of money.""
in total, computers cannot have a bad impact on people.
computers also allow people an easy way to communicate with friends and family without using a phone.
his mother also often eats dinner alone.
those were my three reasons why i believe the computer has a posotive effect on people.
people arent getting the exercise they need.
finally, computers are used when manufacturing a product in or at a business.
because information can be commucated so quick.
studies show that of people with computers have either or installed in their computers.
in fact, muscles start it is recommended to get in at least one hour of exercise of outside play a days.
since many people rely on the computer to , a lot of people ""forget"" to excersise!
i don't believe any of those materials are offensive if found in a library.
you can interact and make more friends by talking or web chating.
whats not to like?
if you have a favorite sports team, band, or are interested in a famous figure, you have tons of information on them at your disposal.
she always tries to keep the house neat and clean.
then, the only way we can contact them is by e-mail.
the main reasoning behind this is that since these books portray witchcraft in a positive light, they must be harming our innocent children.
i told my friends that i do not like the fact that she joined this group, but that doesnt mean im gonna stop listen to her music.
the same goes with family.
taking these off the shelves could make some people happy, it could also upset even more.
, an owner of a small buisness, agrees. ""
as citizens of the , we have rights and freedom allowing us to act as indivuals.
the kids that typed the composition said it took them around an hour.
also, you feel that there is nothing you can do to fix it.
imagine all of those values going down the drain by them reading one bad magazine or listening to one explicit song.
obesity is when a man or women is overwieght.
yes, i, agree some people do spend too much time on these machines, but that doesn't mean they haven't helped us.
dear people that read the news paper and that have that like to play the computer all day more.
that is why most public libraries are split into children and adult sections.
computers are great but the can also have negative effects on us too.
people gamble through online poker.
i hate selfishness also.
although there are many good affects that computers have on people, the negative affect's outnumber them by far.
in some countries dictators do allow their citizens to have internet access watch the news or in some more extreme cases even watch television at all.
this reminds me of a time when my brother went to an eye doctor and was told that his eyes had trouble focusing.
a study made by students at shows that the chances of developing arthritis by the time you are dropped almost in people that use computers often.
i love mommy.
it described how it would be like, if there was still slavery and that if everybody wasn't taught or treated equal amongst everyone else.
the computer can do many things you can play online games and chat with friends.
if we take these books from our shelves we are harming ourselves and allowing us to become ignorant.
you can also go online and do practice on math, social studies, etc.
my final reason why i think the computer has a posotive effect on people is because it allows people to talk to other people who are online.
my first reason was at the information on the internet.
researching for a class and making a project.
i interact a lot but the computer lets me talk to them when there not around.
those were my reasons how computers warn us about natural disasters.
my second reason i'll like to state that will convince you with.
my grandma said to my mom.
i personally prefer to type than write but that is just me.
dear , computers have a very positive effect on people.
and this is just my opinion there's alot more people might think so to.
family and friends are a major importance in everyones lives.
and to me that is not fair.
or even people who can't talk use computers to talk for them.
or maybe you have a history report due the next day, and your parents can' drive you to the library?
it has all facilities a good school should have-well furnished classrooms, laboratories, library, and playground.
for example, if someone wanted to go on vacation faraway, they could type in the place and see what it looks like.
computers occupy so much valuable time that could be used for other, more important matters.
war passes, peace succeeds.
people should learn how to deal with different struggles in life.
i believe that computers have a negative effect.
some people think that materials in a library should be censored while others think everything should be allowed to be there.
the computer benefits many people socially and this has a positive effect on their lives.
people are becoming , the environment, and losing important life skills.
i hope you see where i'm coming from.
that is why it is good to have a computer.
most of these victims do not return or are found.
no, i do not think that books, magizines, movies and music should be removed.
also with all the typing you do there is definatly some exercise for your wrists!
dear local newspaper editor, you love haveing the enternet at your finger tips.
secondly, the computer is also good for researching topics for school and common interest.
if you plan to go to the movies tonight, the internet will surely give you movie times, directions, and how long the movie will be.
news companies need computers for editing and printing out the papaer.
there can be a lot more things it can be scarry to an extent and there also sometimes sexual things ,but they do not show the whole thing.
children and adults are spending too much time on the computer, which causes to lose eye sight.
because you could have something important to do and you miss it like your childs party becuse you husband or wife typed to wake you up.
i remember when i needed to know if my flight to was cancled, so i went on google and looked it up.
they are more of a benefit than a burden.
i also think that many people don't think of authors at that big of a deal.
if you have seen wave, one of 's most recent movies, undertaking is easy.
computers provide an excellent variety education in our society.
soon people will be marrying them.
if the computers are so bad then they shouldn't be used, but how i see it is that they also bring more good than bad.
computers are everywhere there's never a job that does not have a computer.
besides the telephone, computers do have some bad things about them, too.
many people say that if you on the computer all the time you'll become fat and lazy,but that isn't always the case.
second they have computer gamed to help kids learn.
they never go oitside and get any excirsize.
all this at a push of a button, and a click of the mouse.
using a computer will help us in life by talking or making friends on line.
did you know hand-eye coordination can be helpful at times?
those are just some ways and reasons why certain books, movies, music and magazines should be removes from shelves if they are found offensive.
its amazing you can be anywhere, talking to anyone you want.
but, computers don't just help students, they can also help adults in the working community.
reason is the give people the ability to learn about faraway places and people.
sometimes we don't even relize this.
censoring books, moives, magazines, and music that aren't intended for young people is a wast of time.
he has gray hair and thick moustache.
always being on your computer is bad for your health.
many local sports have lost teammates due to lack of desire for physical activities because of computers.
i can understand the effects of too much exposure to computers because i see it everyday with my younger brother.
instead of sitting dreaming of being on the team, go out and do it!
computers have nothing but positive effects on people on society as a whole.
during , there was the where six million jews lost their lives because one person, , did not like them.
this is a good reson becuase we all have family.
libraries cant please everyone.
this ensures that kids can not check out bad or offensive materials without parental consent.
if books were to be taken of the shelves, we would only be depriving our youth of knowledge in the world.
kids can talk to people they don't know on them.
these are reason sir and they should be thought over far quite sometime.
some examples are aim, emails, and other networks and they don't cast money at all its free.
althourgh, some experts do disagree with me and believe they can become an addition.
there will always be something out there that you won't approve of.
it takes you deeper into things.
library's are everywhere.
in this paragraph i am going to explain to you why i think interacting with family and friends is better than on the computer.
google gives you answers to anything.
the last reason why computers and laptops effect people is because of hacking.
but we should also think about what we are doing and saying and if something is wrong or harms someone.
people constantly use the computers teach them bad habbits and can search inappropriate things.
but i can understand why same people don't use computers.
is there movies, music, magazines, books, and more in our libraries today seen as offensive to some?
which eventually would leave people with no variety in books which would start a huge problem.
they might not want to be around you as much.
also, lastly, it less your hand.
so, libraries should not have to take away any sort of material that might be offensive to the public.
he is a hard-working man.
first of all let say you have a very close friend move "out-of-state" how are you going to keep in touch.
my third opinion is that the computer is just a complete waist of time.
but when you watch a new movie you should rent it first to see if you like the offensive sence or not.
, a government official has survey people from each state asking about how much time they spend weekly of just enjoying nature and roleizing the beaty of it.
if two people fight over a book they should be kicked out of the library and never come back to the library.
maybe you do not understand if you have been assigned in a certain class.
well not this article gives you information about all of this.
most of the sites we use due to interacting with family and friends.
someone had found these words offensive and decided that no one should have to see or read them.
shouldn't they have a say too?
some predator went onto my friend 's facebook page and found out his birthday, where he lived, and what school he went to.
authors try to get you to understand the world around you, not by trying to offend you in anyway.
books did not always give you the information you needed whatever was written was all you got.
the computer is a wonderful tool that can asist in so many ways, wether it is communication organization, or just curiosity.
they help prevent acidents, and the save lives.
my father’s name is peter.
there are better entertainment active and will keep us healthy and exercising.
the computer can also be very dangerous in many ways.
who are we to judge what's good for everyone and what's not?
scientist have provine that people who own a computer and use it at least hours a week, have better coordination that people who dont own a computer by !
later that night, i get home and check my , a new notification pops up and i am now friends with my .
sure, there are books to take notes on people, but do books type up papers?
when computer first came out people bought them to see what they will be like.
so things that i have seen are pictures and scenes in movies and magazines that have innapropiate scenes, and innapropiate pictures.
now that i've moved on from that period of my life i can honestly say, the addictive grasp it has on you is strong i know.
there are some names for instant , , , and many more!
i use the computer to talk with friends and family, to help with my homework, and i am still active.
if you have never played this before, when you sign in, it does some tests and determines the age of your body.
in the movie the white children get yelled at because they are playing with the @caps4 children.
i think those people are wrong because a computer can't force you to spend more time on it.
also if i got kicked out of the library i would just go to another one.
the computer is an easy alternative for communication.
i think there shouldn't be because maybe some people like those books.
they take away and diminish time, interacting with family, and seeing the world.
everybody has a different taste on censoreship.
to begin with, children or even adults won't spend as much time with their family.
wether it's looking up information, sightseeing, or clothing with friends people are on the computer.
you can also connect with your friends on facebook or myspace.
we consume cereals in different ways.
computers haven't helped in society by inducing more crimes.
have the internet and computers you can know about what you want when you type in the subject into a search engine like google or yahoo.
just search up soemthing you want to know on a search engine and you will have your answer.
taking a book out of a library because of offensive material is not right because books are important no matter what is inside of them.
so if you want to get more of an education but, you have to work too.
has been helping us practice for the 's.
if there is a book that is so bad you wouldnt want your kids reading, why would it of been published?
the computers are like by matter the most in life, to being more focused on them.
the butterflies are handled very carefully as their colours easily rubbed off.
people also take the liberty of simply removing whole pieces of media from shelves just because they find it offensive.
many people who have are different because they dont like who they are 'suppose' to like are always offended by someone in some shape or form.
now a days, computers have been made green in the battle for the environment.
also people who have hospitilized family.
that is completely understandable.
kids are never outside again.
many adults are over weight because they sit at computers and work as play games all day.
another thing computers are used i for as learning.
computers keep kids off their phones and from jucking up the bill and causing those loud annoying phone bill conversations how to limit your texting.
the internet has just about every piece of information possible.
the people need to learn to intract with each others, and solve problems.
finally, people don't spend time with the people that love them.
others say no for some reason why they say it's not good for you and to addictive i clearly think that it is appropriate.
as he comes one of us has to stay back and serve him.
there are many books, types of music, movies, magazines, etc.
i shall never let myself fall ill again.
the facts and places that arise from the computr are like gems waiting to be found.
meat and fish.
there are many bad things that result from computers.
computers are the ultimate way communicate.
it's like he's not part of the familiy anymore.
you can swim in the beach, feel the amazing breeze, and have a good time.
well it all lead back to money.
i hope you'll choose my article to post in your newspaper when the time comes.
in the end, my father agreed.
so basically a computer is almost a part of everyone's life and it can be entertaining, fun, and used for more important things.
sale of ice creams and soft drinks becomes a regular feature during scorching summers.
people like playing video games or be on websites that they like.
to say that music, magazines, books, and more should be banned is to say that throwing an flag on the floor is just okay.
i belive that people who dont think computer make a good effect on people shouldn't bother wasting their time using one.
it is distracting to go into a , to study, and the person next to you has their ipod blasted to a heavy metal rock song.
hello my name is one day me and a friend were in the librairy on looking at some books.
dear , a world where nobody has any hand-eye coordination they try to cath a ball it slips away.
sports can be just as enjoyable and helps build the human body and gives you the right amount of exercise that your body needs.
lastly, it can have you have a higher position at your job.
there are also things you can buy to video chat with family or friends.
, ore and more people use computers , but this is not necessarily a good thing.
thirdly, computers do give you hand-eye coordination it teaches you how to type without looking down at the keyboard.
computers are something everyone uses but there is a time when you get off and start expericing life.
he's only around old just starting to learn how to be an adult and take on responibliltys.
dear local newspaper, you know that every out of obese children spend or more hours a day on a computer?
the people do not need to look at something that they find offensive.
a great example is computers.
with a computer, you can type it out in half the time.
song in itself depicts a rather provocative tone towards women and men.
if we want to be restored to the we all love, then we the people, must put a stop to this computer addiction!
computers can help people learn about the latest news if the television is getting pixecl.
there are wierd, crazy or suicide people in the world.
in conclusion, so many people have become addicted to computers, they just can't lieve it alone.
out of all kides canlearn from the library an do there work if need it's so much they can do that they can be there all week.
hiking is a popular part of a parks and can be performed by all ages, so go out and spend a weekend in the great outdoors!
how people can learn about faraway palces.
this is why computers are affecting every day people.
with there everday items we use, how they make work easier, and how it does make us interact.
hey, a small window pops up you screen.
while my family loves the books and movies some families don't.
when it comes down to the choice, you will know just what to do.
's the best way to get them.
they thought that she should not listen to because the lyrics in the songs were too 'sad' for her to hear.
censor them from your children, and do not get them censored from the whole world.
ithink computers are important to humans.
i literally knew nothing about them and i failed to bring home my book.
could use it for chatting online.
for music i think a library should be limited.i think music should be limited because alot of music has cursing in it.
so, now because of our computers i could catch up on the work that i missed that day of school.
censoring books could take away from learning.
there is no rule that says you have to get a certain kind of music.
i know this from experience.
it offers and contributes many ideas and actions.
have you ever sat infront of a computer screen for hours on end?
if you are a parent at home busy with kids and need to do work; there's no need to go anywhere stay home and use your computer.
if you cant be mature enough to take a article, book, or magizine seriously, then you dont need to be reading it anyway.
that way the book can stay on the shelf and be read by anyone
even if the chid reads a book that has bad stuff in it they will start saying those words or even do the stuff that happens in the book.
as you can see, those are just a few reasons i think that computers have a positive affect on us.
if i was going to take music off the shelf it would only be the ones with a lot of bad language.
that was what i thought about when i was tempted to actually remove them.
would you ever read a book about the times if your ?
a whopping amount of use the computer for work.
lastly, i think that the computer offers no physical gain, this nation is in a severe heath crisis.
next, we can send e-mails to other people.
men, you look around what do you see.
too much time in front of the computer will also take 's toll on your eyes.
you can keep up with family members and old friends.
computers cause you to turn away from them.
others not but, they still will be able to see them in there own way.
if some people like to chat with each other they use cell phones.
because online news is so fast and easy to acess.
there are many educational things on the computer that can help you out in life.
when the computer is unpluged, anyone has a chance to go out side and play.
when you are on a computer you are probably go on to facebook or myspace.
why are we hurting ourselves instead of helping?
in order for us to be purchasing new books because of recent information would end up coasting as more in the long-run.
reason why computers are not benifiting us.
some people also might be on their bank acount.
you can also do your work on it like working on a website or once agin just writing a boper.
also when you talk, someone could be inbedding a virus in your system that could take to fix.
in fact, i just got invited to a party yesterday over .
this is a very good thing.
computers give access to the internet, which has near-infinitr amounte of knowledge stored inside .
sarely some of facts could helpchange,
i hope you agree that computers have a positive effect on our society.
sometimes it is very offensive and it is almost 'hidden' from view and have to spend all day looking for it.
the staircase should be by the circulation desk.
everybody praised the courage and brave action of the young boy.
there is so mutch more then thease thing that a computer is good for.
that is as simple as just going out and purchasing a computer.
computers provide easy interaction without breakups, they make it easier to learn, and if you are smart then they are safe.
another example is, magazines can contain material you don't want your kids round or seeing.
would we have to religh on television or magaziens, where information can be changed?
it also turns the man into a beast.
we communicate using hotmail, yahoo, and facebook.
he was wet and i gave him a towel to wipe himself.
i believe, if people can find a balance between them, people will agree more about computers.
computer help you out with projects and i think everyone should have one too.
computers messes up kids grades.
who can say what is offensive to everyone?
thirdly, a person's social life could be ruined from the use of computers for many reasons.
in addition, computers steal much of peoples' time to the point where family, 'doing homework and exercising is limited.
the use of computers, and the alone allow us to learn about the way of life in other places on talk to people faraway, and express ourselves.
in conclusion the internet keeps children from going outside to play.
maney people depend on computers to get information and learn about things.
we know them well.
you can go on facebook, myspace and even twitter to talk to your friends.
my conclusion is that people should not to be able to get off of computer.
many people, instead of going to the will go to the .
we must respect and appreciate their hard work.
the first reason is that what maybe offensive to you not be to someone else.
chat rooms on computers are a great way to communicate quickly, but they can also be dangerous.
instead of experiencing nature and taken on life brings to them, they are on facebook or youtube all day.
the reason i say that is there are things that get published by authord that are ment to be read by certain people.
this means that they can write anything that they want without having to worry about the government's or the citizens' opinions.
these are just some of the reasons why computers are a help to society.
no one is to make people to get people offline.
and don't forget get that they offer ways to chat online.
i had even gotten some pictures too.
for example, how fast can you complete all of these multiplication problems or division problems.
even if the others loved what they saw?
it quickens reflexes during everyday life.
do you have a project where you to learn about another country or another explorer?
in todays age, just don't give people the joy they experienced when younger.
for example, their are a lot of people who just eat and eat and only use their computers.
should certain reading material be removed because talks about sex, drugs, murders, ect or someone finds offensive?
for personal use, computers allow you to communicate with your fellow peers in order to work on school projects.
computers are definetly the best way to keep in touch with friends and family that you aren't able to see very often.
people might think that they not your brain not they dont help and knoledge you.
i know out of colleges expect students to turn in there assignements threw the computers or its a zero.
many people today are """" or """".
their is a lot of ideas instead of ""computer time the time!""
many schools call these books, magazines, and movies, '.'
no one person has the right to say that one genre is better than another.
also, expert computer teacher, , says, computers are geat inf you can't meet someone, you just talk online.
to help us with tasks or for our personal use.
on another note a survey shows that of children that spend time with there family and less than minutes on the computer have grades higher than in all classes.
he reaches his school in time.
if so, you know the feeling of sleepiness and irritability.
now a days people have come up with online games where you can interact with other people.
many people all over the world go on the internet to buy or sell products.
do you know you can enjoy nature anytime?
non-offensive books like , those kinds of books are not very offensive.
so that is my input on the situation.
nature is beautiful, smells nice, even refreshing at times.
lastly, your child won't have family time.
there are hundreds of stories in the world classics which tell us many immortal comradeships.
she went to her eye doctor because her vision was become weaker.
many think that music is not as bad as movies because you can not see anything visually, but they are wrong.
last, you can shop on the computer.
it is our moral duty to help all those who are needy and helpless.
computers are one of the leading problems with weight and you are and interesting with society when on the computer.
they also could do ten pushups and twenty curlups, or even more if they wanted to.
i firmly believe that computers have hamble affects on people.
but my brother said that they would get scared and run away.
most hear curse words before they can even walk.
for example if you don't want your child watching a certain television show then block it.
people also use computers to like i mentioned above with maybe facebook, , or e-mail.
katherine paterson says, 'all of us can think of a book that we hope none of our children or any other children have taken off the self'.
of students are not at their weight they should be at because they are obeast and do not exercise.
as i got on the bus, it started raining.
when i moved to from , i thought that i was never going to see my best friend again.
computers are awsome!
the last reason why computers benefit our society is .
they make life easier.
there are sites such as can or .
in this type of setting it would be fine to allow any type of book in the adult section, marked mature.
i feel that they should seperated the censorship in libraries to keep the children safe.
i think that instead of home on your lazy and playing farmville and pets on facebook you should get out more.
one amazing on a computer is the world wide web.
lets recap, computors can save money, time, and gas.
often times kids don't want to go outside and istead sit inside on the computer.
people are different in many ways.
if a computer is portable then you can see nature and still use the computer to get the job done.
everyone has the right to read and watch what they want and not everyone will read or watch the same materials.
financial, and body problems, like people do.
a great site, great computers, benifits society.
traveling, or even talking walks to enjoy nature can help.
but i would have to disagree i think those books deserve to be read.
they should be able to go in a place and buy something that they want to watch and not get questioned about it.
you could take a trip through the safari or go on an adventure in the raln forest.
so it would help america alot to stop playing softwear and start exersizing.
i even do that with my brother, he is in college and i dont see him that much so i just start chatting with him on the computer.
she had friends from high school and college who she ever talked to.
these ideas in magazines, books, in movies, and even in music has changed the world upside down.
you can email or chat to your friends online and see what pages to read and get there phone numbers back.
that number has risen to out of , as of .
the internet is great also because with the internet, you can learn of foreign nations.
but thats what i think about this kind .
not spending much time can have a big effect on mother nature.
everyday don't have time to go out a join a group or class to learn new skills.
nothing at all.
this info was online at www.tomatotalks.org.
it gets to the point where computer use should be limite, and living your life should be in place of your free time.
the wants and needs of people varie from one extreme to the other.
so parents be the boss about that stuff.
nearly everybody would be overweight, lethaigic from lack of sleep due to hours on the computer, and unworldly.
also if you are going on vacation and you would like to know alittle about the vacation spot you can just look it up on the computer.
in the ""real world,"" you can't rely on computer games.
not to mention, the immense amount of different plants and flowers they have never noticed right behind their very own home!
otherwise people would complain just out of spite towards certain people's material.
please keep reading.
if people continue to remove books because they're found to be offensive, then there won't be any books left to read.
you can't talk for someone else because everyone has a voice for themselves.
sitting out on the front porch in a wooden rocking chair.
makeing work easyer or helping people learn aren't the extent of the computers abilitys.
that is why computers are great can easy communication.
if material were removed because someone said it was offensive then ther would never be any more books.
for my second opinion that people should not get off of computers because it they ever leave somewhere far they are not to be able to contact you.
first of all, too many people spend to much time talking with friends online.
i know thought they were buying a pair of boots.
plus, it's the start to new improved future!
lastly, computers are useful and should be useful more.
have you ever been to a library and not found something you liked?
they are blot on humanity.
my frist reason states that there is a lot more information on the internet.
well it seems to me that this malicious material makes the main character and hero of the story a bad role model.
computers can harm relationships, finances and your personal life more than you would think!
those types of books of are what i call, ''s'.
no you can't because everyone in the world use the computer for fun stuff like online game, video and talk to people.
they seem to greatly enjoy this opportunity.
and why would computers stop people from doing that.
the author's write these books so they can make a point and make money.
i looked up information on the internet instead of using a book just to learn that the facts were actually highly in accurate .
since been on the computer more i have noticed that my reaction time off this block for has shockly improved!
dear , in my opinion, spending too much time online has negative effect on society.
dear readers, of the most important inventions of the past decades is the computer, and it has its pros and cons.
we had a trainer with us.
for thousands of years, written text has been a way to understand and connect with cultures and people through written language.
the specialist advised him complete rest.
yes, playing on computer is fun, but you have to execise to.
according to , a well known psychologist, ""people who have more friends have a reduced risk of depression.""
even if you're reading a book and come across a word you don't know you could look it up and you will find it.
that is one reason computers are bad.
a great thing to use on a computer is a web cam.
his report card is unbelievable.
i think things shouldn't be removed from libraries.
well, i know i have.
as you can set computers are an important part our lives.
they complain when they cant do something but thats because instead of going outside, they're on their butts watching or online.""
i don't think that they should spend there whole time on the computer though because you dont just want to depend on electrictronics everytime.
even if libraries had anything that would offened someone else, it would be the readers choice to pick a book they want to read.
this helps you keep in touch so it doesn't seem like you don't know them any more.
also, the military & keeps secrets on computers but if your smart enough you can hack it.
if the person complains about a book, music,movies or anything then they should not go to the library.
dear newspaper editor, you have a computer at home?
that why i think computers benefits our society. ""
if you will please continue on i would like to share with you my thoughts.
let me compare this to a book.
many books that people find as explicit content to them, not be to others.
my second reason is to talk on the .
computers have severely cut down on the admiration of nature.
i think there is also an issue with computers.
also, it has many website, like , or , that let you interact with friends.
but what you can do is make a special section for those types of books young children will not get those books.
the libraries should not be put on a cencorship, but open to the public that wish to dive in to these stories.
finding that younger doctors, ones that grew up on video and computer games, can form robotics surgery with much more presision than our older atendings.""
that is how computers are good.
a wonderful educational source to use in schools, jobs, etc.
while at the same time you would not have to worry about being severely offended
and why would you take the time to run across town to be unsure that thier even there.
computers are breaking up families, and friends.
some of these people that get these books might need to have a good heart about what the book is saying about the skin color.
yes, there are some books and magazine's that can be very vivid and unsutable for younger minds to experience.
from learning to chatting, computers are a great way to chat with friends and even do homework.
those are my reasons why computers are good.
my skills on choosing books for myself has changed since i was or .
the library a place for all sorts of books for anybody to come and have the right to check them out.
they also should not be watcing anything about violence.
dear of society i am writing this letter to you to explain the many benefits towards computers.
one can even find study tips from native speakers at those who have already learned vast bit about the language.
now, stars aren't only made in , but now you can make yourself famous on or .
that one thing being, pieces of are taken away because of their offensiveness.
thirdly, computers could help us advance into the.
people believe that censorship is impotant in libraries.
they could ride bikes, scooters, play basket ball, wiffle ball.
but when are you going to get your exercis of your on it for hours?
there will be charities in other countries to send money to build gyms and pools, but nobody will use they.
let's say your doing a project on panda bears, but you don't know anything about them.
hand-eye is great to have if your trying out for a sport like football, baseball, and basketball.
like i said i have had alot of experiences of offensive things i have read and watched.
' good, at least 's better then getting an on the assignment,' said the student.
but, many people do not think about the negative affects of computers.
for they have the twlight soundtrack.
i hope this essay has impacted your descion on computers because they are great machines to work with.
people use the computer for school work.
many authors will put an age level on their books, like fourteen and older.
every parent and family is different, as long as your child knows the rules and what you believe in then there is no need for censorship in libraries.
by using the computer, people are getting less exercise, not enjoying the nature, and not interacting with family or friends.
he was a very learned man, but he was very humble.
if that happened there would be an ongoing battle about it.
to accsess that certain material you would have to have a librarians permission that way it can't come off offensive to anyone.
my thing about it is that the computer gets kids lazy and unactive.
especially, something as small as a book.
but when i wait for it to load i get bored and go on online game website.
a lot people disagree because alot people think computers are a big waste so thats all i have to say on the subject.
in big red letters it said ""false information"" she had gotten the information from a book.
one reason why i agree is because sometimes theirs teens and even adults that can chat online with their friends if they cant contact them in any other way.
thank god he had a computer, because other wise he would not have able to communicate with his friends.
scientist did a study on how people communicate.
my second reason would be that computers are useful in studies.
keep your children in the 'children' section and there should not be any concerns in that area.
my friend spent hours on those websites.
kinds of snakes.
if you think they are to young for something then thats when you tell them no or whatever.
another positive point about computers is that you're able to get work done on it.
for me, is a life-saver.
if you are disagrreing with someone than you can find quick and easy information.
, you will be healthier.
you see much of our population spends at least hours a ween on the computer.
we have become lazy because of device's that have all we need in our homes.
i think computers are great!
reading isn't a problem at all.
theres no reason for all that.
if anything we need to start censoring what we broadcast on television and also what we post on the and leave our libraries alone.
somethings younger children shouldn't be able to read because of the maturity level.
they aren't being able to enjoy the outdoors and being able to exercise.
therefore computers benifit society.
in these we learn better how the world works around us and with this we learn things that can be dangerous.
communicating via computer is just another reason why the computer is so important.
likewise, if the content of a work of literature does not appeal to an individual then it should just simply not be read by that person.
sometimes, people just need to keep their opinions to themselves, agreed?
i have a little cousin who is over weight and should be out playing sports and exercising.
finally, it is convinient for teachers and your employees, because if you need to send in a paper do it via-email.
burglaries, robberies, and internet access can lead to chaos.
many people was able to flee the city before that happened.
with graph making software, you can easily plug in the data you have collected and the computer will do the rest.
you be saying thats a good thing.
i searched the whole library for the book then finally decided to ask for help, the privilage to read the book has been taking away.
with this, you can play many fun while learning about interesting facts about science.
so i decided not to remove the books from the shelves, so the people who did not find them offensive could read them, if they wanted to.
some might pertain to blacks or mexicans, something like that.
while everyone dislike a particular novel or book, libraries can not remove every book a person dislikes, as katherine paterson said.
the great lack exercise is causing health problems.
you becoming obise, not spending time with family and missing wonderful things that the world provides us.
just by doing that you lose a lot of weight and not gaining weight on the computer.
friends and family are not people to take advantage of.
if you need to solve a math problem you use a calculated or a computer.
for example, a teenager would be on the computer who is making fun of them.
dear local , i think that computers have a posotive effect on people.
the can not replace the real outdoors.
you could look it up and find out what the park has to offer.
he can read and write hindi and english.
people can talk to their friends and keep in teach with them.
such content requires material as violence, drugs, and nudity.
i have seen some parents who do not really care what their children buy, and i have also seen parents go the other way.
rap music have lyrics that some would consider rude but to another they speak a message.
he is very punctual.
finding satisfactory books for everyone in a community to agree simply will not ever be done.
drawing can be a hastle and messy, so it saves time and the mess.
and you want to talk online with other people?
for example, of the of people who have computers with online access of them spend hours a day on them.
i believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
i do believe if there is a certain line of respect of course.
the librarian should be incharged of what he or she wants to dislay.
what if that thing they see in a movie is murder?
last, but most definetley not least is my third reason as to computers are effecting humans negetively.
in this next paragraph i will explain the reasons why censorship should not be allowed in libraries.
computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
in which case they can find a good classic to read or maybe pick up that dusty off the shelf.
they can have different sections, such as adult, children, and young adult.
next, i am saying this becuse i dont really would get offensive to stuff like this argument.
we, as people, should not be able to take this right away from other people.
chating will let you talk to friends over the computer and you won't need to call them.
just do something that involves being outside is so much fun.
has no one ever heard of freedom of speech?
say you just won free tickets to go anywhere in the world with a celebrity at your choosing!
the computer is simply a way for kids to get in trouble.
old newscasts, inteveiws, documeteries, you name it.
finally, they can be used to communicate with one another through e-mail, message and many other ways.
this can also be done on the internet because there is any thing you could ever ask for on the internet.
now then, as you know adults need to work a so most of the time if someone has to research something for work they could use a computer.
secondly, they make things very easy to do.
it is also a great learning technique for research.
the reason i think like this is because, kids should not have that big of an affect on what they place on the shelfs at a library.
i live in the town of , while others had to sihn up, register, & pay.
playing free online games with your friends.
people love watching the scary and offensive movie or listening to the rap music.
if you have an acount that is safe to chat on, you be able to make new friends.
almost every thing in life offends someone in one way or another.
the kids that spend time on the computer get bad grades.
yellow journalism will never appeal to the baser instincts of people.
in this paragraph i am telling you second reason as why i disagree which is less time excersizing.
like this one time i learned to do a hardflip.
it is possible to stop all by yourself but thats rare.
the birds sing happily.
well, for one thing, i know that computers can take up!
obuously computer help people about faraway places.
then he got a acount and he started to be home on the computer all day and would never be exersizing.
your computer is also where your data like music and pictures can be saved.
my love for my subject has inculcated in me the habit of reading.
also, you waste your time on the computer you can lose the ability to interact with your family and friends.
first of all, i would like to talk about how computer can help us with anything.
that is my opinion on computers.
computers can help with that!
my and my have both used internet to reunite with old college buddies, or see how far away friends are.
for example, when you write papers for school or a document for work, you're using the coordination.
so do oyou the local paper agree?
the computer also lets you up a leave more a foriegn people and paces.
people catch parrots at the young age.
this then ends my essay.
the purpose of a library is to have access to books, magazines, music, and movies of all kind of content, reguardless of others concerns.
these are the reasons why i belive computers are good for society.
some street hawkers carry their wares on a cycle or a hand-cart.
for instance, say we did take away all the offensive materials what is that going to do?
if stores take away these items that it is almost like taking away their right to make a choice.
also people will have the ability to learn about different states and countries.
the next reason is people have the right to make their own decisions.
there was some flog and not much traffic on the road.
am i the only teenager who thinks this?
by banning 'to a ' for the time frame that it was banned, generations were robbed of the powerful and beautiful meaning of the entire book.
some people don't even want to pick up the phone and call for a pizza.
being on the computer doesn't help you enjoy nature the way that you are supposed to.
it truely is not fair to take these things away from them when they don't even know why they are not allowed to look at it
even if you buy the you are still learning by taking care of them.
if a certain book offends you then you ' have to .
where would we be in the world if no one encouraged or pushed someone else to do what they wanted?
dear the , has been an argument wheter computers do or do not have a positive effect on people.
of people survayed by sold they feell more when they go outside.
they are on to check , , .
yes i have read books that i have found offensive or that i don't like, but i dont think they should not be in libraries.
he often invites his patrons and donors to visit the home.
after thinking about that book he decided to be brave and call his parents.
we cannot even describe what is lost, for the knowledge has vanished.
what culture and landscapes are like without even being .
he always tries his best to improve the school.
secondly, is a great way to learn about history.
they live across the whole other side of the world.
when you come in its around :00 pm.
all of this alows us to stay in touch and keep us up in are friends lives.
i wish that when i was younger many people were trying to stop causes of such things as teen pregancy, drugs, alcohol, and abuse.
computers are not ment to be for that, they are for school and work.
after looking at these detail most people are likly to agree.
studies show that playing a high action game hrs a day will improve eyesight more than eating serving carrots a day.
one time my mom had just bought a new computer and i stayed up all night on the internet.
shows, movies,and music, they all have something not suitable for all audiences.
we need to keep all books in the libraries no matter how explicit they are.
some parents think that they shouldn't have offensive books beacuse it would affect their children.their would be a change in kids education.
just because she doesn't like the genre of books doesn't mean that somebody else who comes in won't want to read it.
we still exersise, and spend time outside.
with the internent people say things that they would'nt be able to say in person because you dont have to see face to face all the time.
to me, i honestly find computers useful because i can talk online to my family in .
spending to much time on their computers can strain your eyes.
everyone had their own right to get and see the things they want
it was invented so people can communicate, childeren can do reaserch, and for fun and exploring as well.
let alont them reading about it at all.
not everyone has a phone but computers are a secondary way to have a conversation with someone.
but isn't it better to play a real sport like soccer.
when i was in middle school, i was a shy, fragile, young girl.
which will be bring yo my next topic.
also, says that of people get to work faster when they look up traffic reports on the computer instead of listening in the radio.
it creates a new atmosphere of enjoyment of different things.
they choose what child wears, where they live, and where they attend school.
also online catalouges or advertisments help the economy of stores worldwide.
with your friends you ran go to the movies, have a sleepover play outside.
he was the president.
first of all, you can learn about places that are around the world in a click.
you can learn hand-eye coordination, learn about faraway places, and talk online to people.
im telling you this is a huge problem that we need to address.
before going to bed at night, we should always thank god for everything he has given to us.
usually your family either lives far away or in another state and you dont get to see them very often.
now you have seen reasoning that society would be in much better if there were no computers.
maybe in the future there will be a way to go on the computer but be active to.
plus, computers offer more learning opportunities.
the computer aids the user with vast information on every subject or topic that be brought up in a class room.
please consider the negative effects which are exercising in apropprate content and less interaction with friends/family.
time something that we can't afford to waste expessaly in this economy.
my grades started to go down, i stopped interacting with my friends and family, and trouble on things.
you can learn just about anything on the computer and it's just so much fun.
sometimes those changes are good sometimes they are bad.
then, once you get to the movie theater, all that's left to do is walk over to the kiosk and redeem your tickets.
for example like you have a gmail, facebook, yahoo or myspace you can talk to you friends at there.
the librarian doesn't throw it away because of my opinion, because to someone else it would be the sweetest music to their ears.
with computers students could learn more because they would have textbooks or maybe nothing and if they were interested in a topic they could research it and educate themselves.
that is why im persuativing you to take the books off the shelves
like for example this gas station near my house is getting re-built because something went wrong with the pipes this is costing us all about .
(i know you are) and tell the world to not getting told by the computer what you can, and cant do, be the boss control.
you can search any topic and learn more about it.
a good example of this is the popular internet video site, .
not with computers.
this is my first reason why i think computers have a positive effect on people.
in case we haven't though you can't shield your kids from offensive material.
computers offer many things like online shopping, and even .v.
so i believe and i feel that she must be the most beautiful woman in the world.
might not have stayed and had a wonderful life with him.
the clown in a circus show plays an important role.
over all i believe computers are a great source to get information off of but should not be addicted so called toy.
go right ahead.
kids are very athletic, always playing sports and always hiper but the computer helps that go away.
it makes you so felt that you won't be able to walk.
it is safe and saves all the trouble of calling on the phone.
then the children become cereal killers or go on a shooting spry at school.
no, books, movies, magazines, music, etc., should not be simply taken off of the shelves or out of stores.
first, in deal with music children word immate act they see and the words the say.
firstly, its very educational.
there will always be unhappy people in the world.
they help you keep in touch with friends and save you money.
we wouldn't stop waving it, would we?
it also can have people talk to their family member from a other country through a web-cam.
online chat allows people to send hatefull and vulgar messages to their enemys without showing their face.
they must learn the good from the bad sometime.
i think not.
they have effectively made me more intellgent as a person.
i remember a few weeks ago, my best friend moved to florida, and now we webchat everyday!
instead of censoring our youth of from history we need to set age limits.
on the other hand, the computer can come with much use.
after the sun sets he returns home.
they don't recycle so the planet could be clean.
to begin there should be advances in technology beacause it teaches hand-eye coordination.
you'll be come a couch potatoe which down the line can become fatal to your health.
i have also been able to find new more effective excersizes that allow me to target different muscles.
are you a kid who spends to hours at a time on the computer?
some parents are less active with their kids.
additionally, the whole fact of contacting others around the globe, as well as having a whole fun world to explore, makes computers more enjoyable.
dear newspaper, you want to learn good hand-eye coordination?
this can be a serious problem.
said my teacher.
fire!”, i got up and saw our neighbor’s house on fire.
too much computer time even for kids, can lead to obesity and overweightness.
for once maby insed of talking online you can actultly go to your friends house and talk.
for example, a young girl reading about teen pregnacy not being a problem.
i've skped with her many times.
the book i read have pictures of postions in it!
after all, nobody lasts forever and your time with once everyday.
dear newspaper, in my opinion, i think computers do benefit society.
a postman is a useful public servant.
these are just two methods of that the computer enables us to have.
he says computers do not provide exercise.
i was so excited that i kept jumping on my seat.
finally, if your doing a report or something formal, you want to look nice, right?
seventy-nine percent of families split up due to social problems.
the response i got from those people, were unbelievable.
when i grow up and soon get out of high i want to travel all over the world.
computers also have abilities to download videos and other soft ware that people can look at and perform excersing with them, and learn techniques.
i had a holiday last week.
for them the long queues, the waiting people are a source of income.
nature is a beautiful thing filled with simmering lakes, the beautiful scent of balsam fine, and thosands of creatures.
the computer also helps to give you and get you knowledge.
also the internet is used to just have fun.
people love them and use them all the time.
entertainment is everywhere on the internet.
most technologies that are not as good computers will be popular without computers.
they teach people about history and faraway places.
reading expands our vacabulary, at any age.
thank you for reading my letter which i 'm sure has persuaded you to agree with me on how computers have a positive effect on people.
some computers probally have a smarter system then same humans do.
soon i was fully drenched.
people don't excirse they don't enjoy nature & computers are highly dangerous.
also, they're different cultures in these countries that read stuff like that.
this is completly untrue and in many ways actually benerfits society.
i remember the time my cousin came over and we went to the park.
also computers can effect your everyday life by ruining your social life.
it's a big resource ; it has a huge variety of help for people.
sometimes it's better to meet with people in person, but that isn't always the case.
first, computers are a great source to do school work on.
for students it would be a nightmare to have to do reports without a computer.
missing a dictionary?
we need to write up and appreciate with the .
you can' look for that trip of a lifetime in a book.
if you waist your time on those websites for example: facebook all you is instant message the person.
do you think there are certain books and magazines that should not be displayed in librarys?
with just one click you could actually be watching a movie from the comfort of your own home.
this same thing applies with movies.
also, you can talk and interact with family that does not live with you or is not with you in the moment.
with computers being so popular, people are less involved with nature.
if they don't like what the book and what it has to say then don't get that book.
we all know that we all gain weight at some point in our life, and we can lose that weight.
the uses computers to store thir legal files of court cases laws, etc.
i know that you will feel the same way because computers have so much to offer.
people really do enjoy alot of these books and even movies,or magazines.
another reson is that you would be able to learn about diffrent contrys faraway and near.
if someone in their family live long distance then they could always use e-mails to talk.
i know you will agree with me when i say that maybe people should spend less time effecting themselves.
more kids are becoming over weight everyday.
but computers cannot simulate fresh air and exercise.
he is called the father of the nation.
first of all, i think computers are good because news travels quickly.
the computer can be used to bully, it can take time from exercising and it even takes from your social and grammer skills.
you continually chip away at it, and it seems overwhelming.
to sum it all up i think computers can benefit society a lot.
books have a way of putting our mind at ease, whether that's because it's an escape or measured on how enjoyable it is to read.
to stall healthy people need to be outside and exercise.
clearly, the communication aspect of computers is an explicit reason why we need them in our lives.
you won't want to do anything but just sit around & do nothing which calls for laziness you would go weak without exercise.
what will you choose?
there is a reason the rating is what it is.
does that mean well i guess it means if their is a book on the shelf then they probly dont want their children to get a hold of it.
it was long distance i talk to her over facebook.
that way, he was able to focus on his studies and get his degree without the harrassment.
ride a bike!
you are given technology, advantage so why not use it?
computers have a positive effect on people and the society.
at a young age i selected a book i had thought was a ghost story.
lastly, the use of computer puts a strains on social skills between friends and family.
that are direclly cetered to developing your children's math and reading skills.
do your eyes tend to hurt when your finally off the computer?
thousands of students who cannot attend a school, college or a university are taught through it.
but a mere ten years later, the changed so now their are squirrels!
but here is where they go wrong.
there are plenty of sports that could be done, such as soccer, baseball, football, and so many more.
but is it good for you?
having computers do the ""dirty work"" can help in times of war, and can save valuable lives.
when my oldest brother couldnt take in high school when it was needed for college, he took an online class at home.
there are so many search engines on the internet that lead you to numerous websites to help you find out what you need to know.
those are the reasons why i benefit people using computers.
the education is just for adults; kids can go online and research history of different places they live and want to go.
in conclusion i think everyone that likes to look up places, play games, and chat should have a computer.
the computer also allows you to talk from faraway places like if you live in you can talk to somebody else in .
the police cheif also says that their are many cusses about people being herrassed by stalkers or people trying to harm them.
go outside, spend time with your family and friends, and be careful from cyber danger! ""
i wouldn't want anyone else's beliefs forced on me.
i just put an example out there of what i have seen.
these games are not educational, it's not a good why to spend a couple of hours of your time.
if something strikes you as innoproprate, then simply take back and exchange for something better.
thier are sex affenders that go online posing as people that want a date when they are rapists.
some movies for children even have inappropriate things; they might be hidden and the child not understand, but it is still there.
also shows things about your personal info.
of people who have to much going life believe that they.
nothing is causing obesity in them computer.
this is why people should agree that advance in technology.
at many schools, students are asked to write research papers.
i dont think you would want to have to pay money to get anti software that probubly doesn't work.
material such as this should be put away somewhere out of sight, and requested if wanted.
i feel like parents now in days dont want thier children to learn about stuff early in life.
one day i went to class there was a project due and kid said ""i copy all of the words for the computers.""
people have the right to say or write whatever they believe.
as you become more dependent on your computer, you become less dependent on family and friends.
if anyone could do that would there ever be uniqueness in people?
computers are bad in someways but good in others.
you can gain hand eye cordanation by using the computer so many ways.
say the mayor need to send and iportant message about polluting the water he can do that through email.
there are many ways we can arrange the library by sections so that certain books or topics are in one area, and others are in another area.
now i will move on to give more details on my first reason.
this is needs to stop. ""
all right, so, computers are one of the most important tools, of this world that we live in today.
i strongly believe computers do benefit society.
that way they wont lose each other.
and they still do.
spending time with your family can be great fun, as i recently discovered.
do you want students all ages to participate in researching on the machine they favor most?
talking to a friends releaves some kids of their stress they had.
you won't see her but you can talk to her on the computer.
dear, editor you know, of children who spend most of their time on the computer that do not exercize can develop weight problems and blood disorders?
people use computers for work.
well i have by computer/internet, it's a new way to learn about what going on in our time!
its flat feet do
it brings us news and views from all corners of the world.
i'm certain you can see how much better these things are than sitting in front of the.
many people have family and friends that live far away from them.
it can cause health problems and even problems in general.
it would be like having someone take out a word in the .
do you think it's fair just because some people do not approve, that they get to pick?
online chat is good to keep in touch with a friend from far away or even ask a friend ehat the homework was tonight.
of students text and get used to terrible spelling, thats who accidentally write ""thru, lazy, or even native during school.""
many people don’t know that good health brings mental alertness.
that could be bad.
people learn alot with computers, computer is the world.
also, talking to friends online is fun too.
yes, i have seen people pick those books up and start making jokes about them, but thats what children do when their immature.
so dume me downloads it and parents caught me playing.
when all their time is devoted to to computers if they took out the computers in their lives, they would have of time to do such.
some beggars begin the name of god.
student come home from school tired, bored, and doesn't want to go outside and exercise.
everything from music on the radio to military files are censored.
let's say that a man or women is ath theiroffice and they need to create a power point in order to share the companies new brand.
i see many times when children are learning words, phrases, and actions from movies, books, etc.
they can talk to each other but most of all see each other.
you dont have to be inside all day an stare at the computer playing games an talking to friends.
i'm pretty sure you couldn't learn that kind of stuff stepping outside.
thats why the computer
education can get anywhere, if you want it.
that makes things worse as not only are they not getting exercise, but now they are gaining weight as well as not losing any.
however, it should be categorized so a person could have an idea of what age group it would be most appropriate for.
dear , i'm writing you today so you can see why advanced technology is a positive effect on people.
i cannot think of a life without her.
an ideal student should give respect to his teachers, parents, and elders.
sure people have a freedom of speech but it should not effect what books belong on the shelf.
computers give people the ability to learn about faraway places.
hey ma name is i'm years old i go to going to talk to you about expert people saying that computers are effecting the society.
we all helped the man to pull the little boy out of the swimming pool.
it is fascinating to realize that use of the computer can increase your hand eye coordination.
so, there is not a day where we do not incounter computers.
they take the leadership in every social and
so, if you have a computer then you can look places you want to travel to or look up cool facts about your future sport player.
parents should tell their kids what they are allowed to read at certain ages.
your able to communicate with people all over the world.
you need to do healthy things to help your body.
the heard of the company is not going to hire you if you are not expierenced with computers.
if so, i doubt many people would find it interesting.
as a matter of fact, tehre is.
its packed with so much to learn, its very useful to, and forces so much info into them.
a lot of people these days study from the internet, i know i sure do.
if someone was to limit the mental, literary stimulants that are out in the world, the amount of creativity and individuality decrease.
just because somebody finds a book offensive, that doesn't mean that nobody should be allowed to read it.
he graduates top of the class, goes through college and gets a high paying job right out of the gate.
dear , , computers are a big part of our society.
you can watch movies while and the libary and check some out.
not only does a computer teach me about current events, it also helps me in my daily life.
this doesn't just happen with kids either, my mom just got a facebook and she is hooked to it, even more than i am.
i believe that if you have a , or , you have a chance to meet people from all over the world.
even bilding progects like plastering a wall bying a window or planting bilding a shed you can find direction and supplies you will need and the interent.
i saw some students walking around.
other than just sitting around on your new computer and having your brain being wrecked out by it.
my first reason is freedom of speech.
farmers need to keep reports on their money income.
i prefer to talk with my friends eye to eye however if you cannot do that a computer is a perfect alternative.
i am trying to figure out how many people don't use computers because.
dear , i am writing a letter to you today because i have herd a complaint that and more people are using computers and getting less exsercise.
after a few times of using a computer you get and better it.
it also helps to develop your hand-eye coordination some peopel say ""you can learn hand-eye coordiantion outside too?
computers have helped advance and improve the medical research and diagnosis.
this is an of course, but minor visions of this are going around the world.
now a say the world is crazy, so if we don't have to go out or talk to someone we won't.
the only on that this has happened to out of people in chat rooms say they have been lied to like this.
speaking, playing, and generally socializing with others is a critical part of everyone's life.
for example some people use it to go to college online.
but if you think a little or maybe had experience with your writing tool, then you will learn and.
a boy can play football on line, then take what he learned and use that in a real football game.
the computer so with out computers you would have to travel in a car waste money and the air with your car.
between and more people have been using their computers more often.
our world has been increasing in the drug use of teens and adults, also the pregnancy rate of teens has went up dramatically in the past few years.
the books that would be found innapropriate or offensive would most likely be in teen novels or adult literature.
a computer also new friends from other towns.
harper 's book, have had some slurs we find offensive today.
how do we know we got a good book?
i think that when old enough, they should be able to read books and listen to music that might be offensive.
as katherine paterson stated there will be no books left on the shelves if you take every book off that someone in the finds offensive.
the above conditions show the contrast between western society and peace loving humanity.
there are websites on the internet and among them there are game sites.
they can help us in school and give information we need to do things in life.
here are ny thoughts on the computer.
computers can make some people feel like life is being taken away form them.
my brother wore a smart suit and a tie.
secondly, exersice is a problem.
other people go on facebook, google, games looking up information, and more.
people just need to learn to get over the fact that many offensive things are found in many different reading materials.
they are so time consuming that i am afraid they are causing more people to be obease in .
finally, my foremost reason on how computers can be negative is how addicting it can be.
if it's that big of a deal to some adults then what are they going to do when their children see the same stuff only worse on t.v.
the instant message is probably the must used by teens.
so why take away what they like?
after reading this letter there will be no doubt that computers have a possitive effect on people in society.
because look at computers when people go on website like, myspace, twitter, facebook, communicating website or game website, theres whay to much to name.
family is very important in life and some people take advantage of it.
taking time away from the computer is a smart idea.
florence nightingale was born in florence, italy, while her english parents were spending a vacation there.
us school projects, i use word and powerpoint all the time.
they are like oh i haven't talked his surgery i wonder how he is!
like i said in my first paragraph, everywhere you go you see somebody wired into an electronic device.
computers are a lot easier to help us with school work, than textbooks are.
the new technology makes life easier to handle.
""i like to spend some of my free time on addictinggames.com,"" says .
now some people might think, "" not use a phone to talk to others.""
libraries hold almost anything anybody needs materials, books, music, movies, magazines and everythings for facts.
while you reading this i hope you understand why it's rong and take my suggestion under and help us young kids to (thank you)
in my opinion i believe computers are actually doing more harm than good to everbody that uses them.
could have been helped if she had used a computer.
these dangerous computer have people on it called online predators.
i know if i had to choose between looking at a boring computer screen all day and going out for a run; i'd choose the run anyday.
also, if you are a parent that has children they always need help.
all of these things are a huge benefit in laer life.
a library is a place to sit and enjoy the surroundings.
for example half of my family live in and my mom uses internet to communicate with them.
regreted it all and changed his ways once got to high school.
older citizens will be a big target for a heart attack.
do you see how important it is to spend less time on these silly computers?
i believe that just because someone finds these things offensive that they shouldn't be removed from the shelf.
there are many great things about computers.
i like it very much.
the reason that i, myself, do not believe in this situation is how it mentioned in katherine paterson's passage.
or even in todays technology you can block that channel from ever being watched.
my parents and other adults i know always say ""organization is the key to success"", so definetly helps.
i had a pleasant dream last night.
many people travel dening vacation, and propbably out of every people use a computer to reserve hotels.
we have the ability to choose what we want and do not want.
as you can see, using then internet can be very helpful if you used to the right way.
sixty years ago, it could relative on the.
are you wondering why the won the ?
if you cut the blood flow, bad things are bound to happen after that.
that is not fair to readers, the person that is being expoused, or the author themself.
i have never actually seen anything like that before, but it does happen in schools all aroung the world.
most of the time people are home bound but need a job.
certain books, movies, music, and magazines are all about those three things.
most of it is pretty offensive but thats just how things are.
no two people think the same.
the author should be the judge on whether or not they want there book censored.
i believe that book should be kept in order of age.
but many people are abusing the and not when to get off.
but if somthing is offensive to me the person beside me not think the same thing is offensive to him or her.
all you need to do is print out the pictures!
computers can prevent acidents in anything that moves.
the firemen in the novel destroyed any bits of type because it was false and went against the government.
so next time you working at the library or just there vistiing you might wanna watch where you put stuff at cause little kids will see it.
also, it takes time enjoy nature but the computer blocking the way.
to let the general public check out.
thank you for your time.
() i think that people are not spending too much time on the computers because you can do different kinds of activities their.
any individual that is highly educated would see the pluses in computer usage.
its hard to keep a child sheltered from what you'd perfer them not to see.
in conclusion, computers have a very negative affect on people.
they affect a persons activity level, students grades and most importantly a persons realtionships with family and friends.
children nowadays are being motivated alot.
the possibilities computer allow you to do is research.
computers are so advanced now, that they have webcams; were you can visually see the person your contacting right into the computer.
secondly, it allows people to talk online with friends.
is that now we want our next gerneration to be out next president and lawyers, and doctors?
if you are trying a new resipie and you are not sure on to make it.
“you must be the change you wish to see in the world.”
let me explain... having computers definatly benifits for all students.
when someone goes into a store or library and starts to look for a book, they come accross a piece of literature that they dont completely agree with.
there were many men, women, and children going to see the fair.
any article, song, or film could be offensive.
many libraries contain books, movies, music, and magazines that can be considered offensive.
do you have any computers in your house, if so how many?
i hope you can see why computers can be good for people.
the last reason being if we all just removed thing we don't like the world wouldn't be the way it is.
dear , computers are an extremely usefull tool in this modern age.
finally, you wouldn't wants families become would you?
computers are very helpful and they are easy to use.
',strongly apply to this.
is an english teacher that has been with the school since before computers, she has seen the horrible effects taking place on her students right befor her eyes.
they sit in groups of three or four.
there is a lot more bad things in life than a movies, books, and music that childreen listen to, watch, or read.
from the yale marriage research center.
well you could go on a computer and look for food online.
no need to look and look a hundreds of books just to get one little fact.
because you are on the machine all day then you are using little to no energy at all.
once again i would like to tell you that always being on the internet is not good.
we can't just go around removing everything we dont like, because it is not fair to those who like it.
there are different kinds of butterflies in our country.
some people say that computers make you not be able to see while.
the library is where they get the books from.
of people who use computers on the stocking average of about hours a day have notedly become withdrawn and unaware of their world says my physcology.net.
why should we have to suffer anymore with uncensored books at the library?
this is why the camel is called the ship of the desert.
last but not least, people without healthcare won't be able to pay the medical bills and become homeless.
movies are something you have to look out for too.
that's called """" your family friends will love to spend time together by eating dinner together and have a nice conversation.
when did game night or family time disapear?
sometimes you need the computer to do your homework.
my cousin is living in spain for a semester in college.
children can learn like this.
email is extremely faster than writing a letter.
then you can comunicate with people far away.
the computer also has good ways to reconnect with family and friends over the years you haven't seen them.
of people nowadays have at least one maybe two computers in their household.
although, being totally dependent on them is a bad idea to because they don't have that much benefit to them.
i think this is wrong.
there is another perk with computers and that is keeping in touch with family or friends that live far away.
if a young person such as a kindergartener picks up a book about sex you know there is no way that child will be able to comprehend it.
a lot of the music these days can be very inappropriate, especially rap music.
spending all day or even half your day on the computer will make you lazy.
i personally think that people should not spend so much time on the computer.
some are worried about spending too much time face to face with the screen, there is even something to prevent that.
so our only option was the computer.
having a computer helps people to keep distant friends and family close in touch.
live chat iswhen you chat over text on the computer.
we can drink water from rivers and freshwater lakes.
dr. from state ""you can get the same information on people other countries, and from the computer as you can .
you can also learn many things you never knew from using a computer.
computers are so much easier to use than books.
it relaxes you, pumps you up, it is used for parties, events, and so many other things.
excersising and being active is indeed very good for teenagers to really look into, but even though they do that, they don't push away the computer.
we should be string enough to look away and not fight about it.
so one day, my sisters, mother, and step-mother was talking about a couple of books that she found offensive.
computers help teach them because they need their finger to hit the same key that their eye sees.
people get adicted and distracted and can't get work done.
when it is winter, students can't go outside and exercise.
thats just like smoking.
i dont think so, fifth graders should be reading age appropriate books.
dear , i think computers have a bad effect on people for three reasons.
they also gave educational games.
they can still be fit but if they go on the computer instead of working off all the.
we are able the express any and everything we can in whatever it is that we do in movies.
though i understand that in the process of computer-usage, people hardly find time outdoors, the technological advance will enhance hand-eye coordination.
such as in to a .
finally, it gives ability to .
that takes a lot of time and energy.""
also, programs liek microsoft word allow you to spell check your work.
the computer is all about fun, you have millions of websites you can go on.
these facts have not just contributed, but they are almost the cause of obesity in the world.
he is a good sportsman.
they will most certainly destroy you, readers.
and my conclusion with all three reasons.
or the goverment keeps secet in computers.
my sister, , got her first job by going on the museums website and applying right there on the computer.
lastly, by beign on the computer your not letting your brain get the good workout or exersice it needs.
for me, computers are a place to have fun with all the different applications.
computers are sucking in society, more of it each day.
when parents don't have phones they rely on computers to comunicate with people.
if your not yet a resent scientific study reported that six hours on the computer per day one week can your vision from a to .
do you know how many others face the same problem?
certain people find things offensive and others think it is perfectly fine to have in a library.
they can play music.
it can cause us to have bad behavior or bad dreams.
the last and final reason is do people to spend most of their lifes on the computer.
by sending a letter it can take a while.
can you spend countless hours on a computer?
"", my computer crashed.""
my mom say's that when she was younger she loved the internent.
you can also look for information on videos.
as an adolescent unthinkingly says the web and chtrooms, they are at risk of atteck by thousands of children predators prowling the web.
of them could legally considered obease.
computers hold a lot of information, many people learn things they have never heard of on the internet.
it is so important that have throuhout school teaching us how to type.
people have had serious injuries and scams placed on them because the internet.
even if online conversations are friendly, they get people accustomed to making people """" through a computer, not face to face.
but don't forget to e-mail her and ask her first, since you lost her phone number.
and whne people's computer break some go crazy and feel like doing some cordy stuff.
parents don't always no when there is sex offender around or online talking to you or your children trying to go meet up with them.
a recent polls shows that that average person from ages spreads over two hours on the computer each day!
i personally think computers have a positive effect on people because with computers many people research about the past.
adults get into this bad habit, so will their kids and it's to early for kids to be unhealthy.""
children of today are exposed to many adult things, whether it is watching tv or a movie, or just witnessing things at home.
this shows that it is good for a child to see such offensive things.
if you meet someone you made friends with on vacation you can email them.
such as in war books the characters curse a lot.
you can figure out the routes you plan on taking, and this can help oprganize your trip.
some with to become rich.
they help us relax.
some reading material be found offensive to certain people but to othersit not be.
i believe that if not everyone can be satisfied then why bother.
in conculsion these are good effects.
not ot mention how fast rumors and secrets spread over the internet.
this can lead you to getting glasses or possibly going blind.
why you think we have enternet websites such as myspace, facebook, twitter, msn and lots more.
if your a and you don't want to do homework at recessthe next day from being sick.
yes that happens a lot, insded doing those things they could be doing something else, but no computer work is more important.
dear , , computers.
so editors, writers, and readers.
it will just break again soon or freeze and cause you to loose a report you've worked on all night.
these sites are not boring.
with all the time spend on a computer in a stuffy, dark room, how will our bodies be maintained properly?
in a recent report the states that in the past five years; the number of driving students who pass on their first try has almost doubled.
if books were censored, literature would have an immediate downfall.
i bought a magazine.
if they really were consurend with thouse topics then they shouldn't buy them the moives or the books that they find offensive.
it will help with travel plans, friends, and hand eye cordination.
in conclusion, i think that this could go both ways.
meaning if the books have each individal shelf with labels on what it was all about, which they do.
people end up overweight or obeise from spending too much time in a computer chair and not enough time outside exercising.
a problem because your child bother you and say, "" or i go on the computer pleace"".
the second reason i think that computers have a positive affect on society is because it has lots of fun games and music.
if everyone didn't need computers to communicate and everything there wouldn't be a problem.
we need computers they have been so beneficial to billions of people across the globe.
these are all things you would not like your children to use, see, or do.
another way computers have a positive effect on people is by allowing them to connect with people they don't see often.
they can be in danger by someone being like and killing millions of jews just because they look diferent.
the internet never closes, it is open .
materials, such as book, music, movies, magazines you can't just start taking stuff of the shelves just because there offensived you.
if libraries start censoring books we end up with less and less readers as the years go on.
computers help a lot in school, while helping us learn so much more.
you would use a computer to talk to them wouldn't you?
everyone just pushes and jostles.
also, maybe kids should not have computers but they can get one when they get older.
in article i have recently read in the , it was about experiment on computer use.
there are many great uses for a computer.
""i'm worried about my daughter's eyes...she stares at that screen for hours on end!""
to stay on playing mindless games, or randomly searching the web.
i live in a small town near longford in london.
these two factors will cause major stress in you daily life.
last but not least that why i know computers benefit's our society.
according to the , adults make their 's to get in shape, exercise nore or just lose weight.
lastly, the computer is the famous way of communicating around the globe.
medicine, , constructing and revolutionizing our life has been made possible by computers.
while my mother and i searched the library chaotically, my younger brother found hisself, searching the magazine rack for something to keep his mind occupied.
you should think about this because this is happening to much in the world.
i couldn't be more proud."
he was shouting at them particularly the weaker sections where he expected no retaliation for minor things.
computers are essential to our way of life.
people live in defferent worlds even though we all live in one.
well, more than of obeast people say they don't exercise because they are either to tired or dont have enough time.
just another useful effect on people.
but that doesn't mean you can't find it in a book either.
"", !""
out of that end up getting better grades.
also, all my friends are on the computer and some them are more active then me.
i hope to persuade you about the horrible effects a computer has on people.
yes, you can go onto websites that teach you day by day how to eat right and exercise.
there are too many of these tales to pick out even one.
they provide you with information and they increase your skill when it comes to technology.
, proved that if a teacher doesn't get any fresh air while doing their job then they can make a valuable mistake or even get sick.
you can also learn all you need to know on computers.
with magazines and music, it depends on the subject matter of those as well.
some adults don't enjoy seeing it, which can be understandable.
finally, computers also teach you hand-eye coordination.
should not be totally removed from a public library.
they might not be around in twenty years to see their grand children grown up.
if something is typed into , results will pop up within seconds.
their perseverance, set-goals to be achieved and a thorough knowledge about the world made their dreams come true.
another reason why i think children should have the right to the computer is because of the information they learn and discover.
there are many people who go to my school and their grades have declined because of online usage.
that is why i think those books should be taken out of all libraries
i rely on my computer to get all of my research for almost every project, and i even make some of my best project on it!
we should all, therefore, work hard to achieve success.
people dont have anymore engry.
well that was another opinion of mine so read on to see what else i got.
now, i'm going to talk about the bad things.
other families arn't us lucky though.
if a student needed to know all about one country they could go on the enternet and get a tour.
if there was though, they should just make an alternative section for books, music, movies, and magazines that some people think should be put there.
this is the mental if of technology taking over.
people say that computers are teaching important skills.
furthermore, we spend less and less time exercising outside because we are trapped in a technology revolution filled with inaccurate information.
the saying 'one person ruins it all for everybody,' well thats because some teens need to grow up and act their age.
computers are growing into the human lifesyle.
with out inappropriate media on our library shelves, our world would be a better place.
the beauty of nature is simply overlooked as if it's nothing special.
example i have a project in and i have to learn and search about forensic doctor and i search everything on the computer.
other jobs people with computer experience can have would be an editor of movies or shows.
so thats why it benefits the society.
but when you start to censore someones ideas because you find them offensive and wrong then you are being ignorant.
people can learn all of this wonderful and interesting information about things they of never known before.
my cousins each go on the computer hours a day.
i think that there should be an area set for kids that are in elementary to high school and there should be a section that is for adults.
it is so easy that it will seem like you are standing right next to them on a matter of seconds.
thank you for your time.
seeing as how i can't make long distance calls which would cost way too much money, facebook is a geat alternative to keep in touch.
after that, they can not tell you to get off of it, unless you are violating the law or looking up something not age appropriate.
i don't know how i would have without the internet.
for example, you can research almost anything.
even my grandmother said the, without computers, i wouldnt be as close to you as i am today.
you and i both know, a healthy diet and exersice will give you a happy life.
, computers offices would crumble and students grades would drop.
i know that some say that there is less time spent humanly interacting, but on the computer it is still interacting.
well, i have done my part.
you always need a computer because you have to type eveything, and do research for big essay papers.
think about the conversations that go on in schools and at the work place.
the computers teach you they dont hurt you.
in total, i believe computers are a big distarction.
i believe computers are a benefit to society because they premote hand-eye coordination, you can learn about almost anything, and you can talk online to other people.
secondly, with computers the wole world becomes smaller as people begin to know more and more people through the computer.
people already spend way to much time watching t.v.
over one million people on the computer daily.
they teach hand eye coordination, help you research and learn, and let you chat with friends.
the content has a right to be there.
computers have internet websites and search like , that allow you to type anything and instantly find all the information and pictures or that subject.
in this millenium we really should'nt be to concerned about censorhip.
it can agree that computers are much more efficent and that i like to use them.
lots of people think of their life without a family but it can happen anyday.
also, authors and directors need to be able to express themselves.
it was a very interesting match.
computers are a part everyday life, and they can help with almost anything.
in the past years many people have gained a lot of weight.
people have their own opinions and views on materials.
with creater of the can use this internet/music for everything.
that's why it is important for people to find out news quickly so that they can help.
as i mentioned earlier, so many fights happen through computer communications.
i have seen many offensive books.
instead, they do it online. ""
you chatted with your freinds it would save bees lives.
's best friend has been ignoring because he got a computer.
like you might give them you number, adress, personal imformation.
lastly, if students have project or homework that they need information on the computer could always help.
taking someones work and blocking it because it is 'unorthodox' or 'offensive' takes away that persons' rights.
therefore, there should be no problem in running across a 'bad' book.
lastly, have you thought of the damaging affects, trojans, cyber bullying, violence?
there should not be censorship on books in schools.
the kids can even learn the word from their own parrent or from t.v.
to begin, the obesity rate in is growing rapidly, a recent study done by the .
a map of the town compouters everywhere the state, the country, and even the world all you see are computers everywhere.
i mean having them stare at a screen all day, thats bad.
so please keep reading my letter and i will tell you the side effects of the computer.
we all learn something everyday and with the computer, we can make it kind.
i guest i also agree with using computers because they give you skills they going to places don't give you.
also we would be bale to help people when they neede help if we already knew what to do.
now, to all of you people who still think computors are bad; i'd like to see you lost a week without using one.
so much would be left unsaid.
people on computers waste a huge amount of their timer.
now days i spend up to on hour and a half on the computers.
if a student sees something offensive or violent on a book, there is a big chance that they will show it to their peers.
my first reason why i agree that computers benifits society is because of the communications.
i know that it would make me feel like i did something wrong.
there are parents that allow their children to read, listen , and watch whatever they want.
it's more convienent than having to time your phone calls so it's a good time for both of you.
so i do not believe that there should be any censorship in libraries at all.
for example, they don't spend time exercising, enjoying nature, and they don't spend time with their family.
it can be put on the computer or any type of device.
thats not good.
computers are a resourceful tool that they can help people in every different aspect of life.
also, in using a textbook, you will understand how to do whatever you're doing.
so, should there be censorship in our libraries?
secondly you have the ability to research places all over the world.
getting fresh air can be good.
most people might look at something and think it is interesting like something that happened on the news lately and was published on newspapers or put on the internet.
get on a computer and do some research about it!
theycan do and say what they want.
the postmen deliver letters in the homes of the addressee or at business places.
we walk into the library and the old lady at the front desk says, 'there is a huge storm coming.'
simulations add huge benifets to owning a computer.
if that book or movie is their best seller they're not going to destroy it because of one single person.
people can kno your most secread's and more.
then as if cyber bullying and not doing homework werent bad enough.
i went on a computer went on .com a get lots of imformation and got on a plus.
likewise, they also prevent families & friends to spend time with each other and lastly, it isnt allowing kids to excersice which can lead to obesity.
books, movies, and magazines should be allowed to stay on the market even when they include explicit material.
thats my second reason for why you should agree that computer do help.
i cannot remember a time when i went to the library and seen something that was offensive.
think about how would you feel if you had a best friend you always hung out with.
programms on how to watch your weight.
there are many books, movies, and music in the libraries.
so schools use and need computers for students and teachers use.
""i really tried to ignore all of the cruel comments people were posting about me.
my dad always how he doesn't like to waste money, and then he goes and purchase a computer.
parent blockers can only do so much.
to begin, the internet (provided with most home desktop computers) can teach us a lot about the world around us.
don't try to shut down a author beacuse you dont like what they wrote their might be more meaning in the book then you can see.
are you going to let your child read that book?
we aren't always proud of want we do or what happens but those events remain, irrespective of whether or not we choose to acknowledge it.
the world is a public place and everywhere we go, something might be found offensive.
what is more fun, stairing at a blank computer screen all day, or spending the day out in beutifull nature with your friends and family?
this advance in technology is just another way to improve every day life.
the big river looked like a snake.
our opinions should not be based on a person's dislike of something.
to quickly and simply get your news from around the world you can visit a website and lock at hundreds of stories at the click of a button.
since i was the youngest i was also the shortest.
without them, would make a difference.
maybe if she met him she would have gotten very hurt and be scared of that memory for the rest of her life.
the cool thing about is that you can acctually see the person you're talking to on the computer screen.
last weekend, my father wanted to take us out somewhere.
but, she knows someone who is almost her compleate oposite.
there are many things in this world that childeren should not see and that poisen the minds of them and others whatever age they be.
all at these things make having a computer a very positive thing in somebodys life.
techknowlogy help us in our everyday lives and helps save the environment by letting us talk and save paper just by button.
many people fear once we start removing certain books from libraries, more and more books will be taken from the public until almost all our libraries are empty.
it protects young readers from being exposed to hateful things at such a young age.
like sendding emails or talking on oovoo.
i wish everyone would do the same.
for example, you could set up and account on facebook, myspace, , or and start talking to people.
it help us communicate better get imformation quicker and entertain us.
dad found out about and he decided to try it out.
the internet lets you explore new things and help find ideas.
what some parents think are offensive, others might not.
they choose to over use the computer, and too much of any thing is a bad thing.
also when i go on the computer.
i got up and got all the materials and sit back down.
if we want to become a healthier country, we should state writing time spent on computers.
well i don't.
they might find it easier with a computer.
it's just something said to make a book or anything interesting and funny.
so, if it's safety you are worried about, then don't.
even though the computer isn't the only way to learn hand eye coordination, it is still an important stragedy that takes no effort to perform.
if things seem to come off offending, it will make indivuals stop coming to the library.
once you are on a computer for over an hour to an hour -and-a-half the computer will start to effect you in negative ways.
yea we won".
opinion is computers are bad.
it is a mixture of many gases.
the computer helps parents get from their children by vaction ads.
i remeber the time when i bought shoes online.
just as the freedom of press an indiviudal can pick up that book for adults and read it.
speaking of hurtful, the internet is very unsafe.
many rap artists think it is okay to use offensive and explicit language in their music.
this is inevitable.
so i feel that mother is the prettiest person ever i have had in my life.
dear , i am writing you this letter to inform you that computers do benefit society.
i doubt they ever watched the movie again and if they did it obviously wasn't that bad.
you can even go on sites such as fanfiction.net, and read or write your own stories!
if the phone's not in the picture then the computer is.
if we could less to other serious problems.
according to facebook magazine, of all the students in a school chat and talk online to other person.
choose it because it looks interesting and its something you might enjoy
if you have friends or family far away then you can keep in touch with them without leaving your house.
there's a laptop that will fit in an envelope and a handheld touch screen computer that can almost fit in your pocket.
if someone simply doesn't like the context of a book, movie, or even music ect.
this process continues until the certain person can barely yet out of their chair.
they dont know that sitting down for hars and hars eating a bag a chips does time.
in conclusion, the computer is a useful divice thats benefits us and helps us with our everyday life.
there are many holes being dog while computers one still being used and bought.
i disagree, computers can help keep family members that live far away in touch.
my uncle took me to the station to board an electric train.
the computer allows you to recall through endless information and topics.
movies shouldn't be in the library unless they are educational too.
these game while not only are fun improve handeye coordination which helps with sports, driving, writirs and many other things.
well if you have a computer there are featers that your able to store thing and because much more organized.
more people need to exercise more, interact with freinds, and to just enjoy things that don't involve technology.
not go and try to get it shut down.
this would change the world for the better.
but i am sure all of my fellow teenagers would agree that, that is very boring we would all rather sit and watch tv.
i don't know about you but i couldn't live without computers!
computers have technical problems that delete files.
looking back on it, i am surprised i was allowed to check them out at the library.
on a computer you can find great things about a place and people.
its like a pen pal but you don't waste money buying envelopes and stamps to send a letter.
he could go on an online dating site and meet the perfect girl.
knowledge about the rest of the world is even more important.
because the library welcomes people of all ages, materials that can be taken offensive for children are most of the time not taken as offensive to adults.
many times in your life youll need to find a balance.
if people were to belive that computers are just for fun.
not everyone finds the same things offensive and should not be taken off the shelves because a few people do not agree with them
with the internet you can use websites like google, and .
by going on one of the search engines they would find that in they could go to the zoo.
the reason why computers are so succsesful is beacuse of some of the great imformation they.
computers can help people with schoolwork, communication and entertain you in a safe way.
there are other problems that people face because of too much time on the computer.
people can meet new people, learn about new places, and talk to friends.
during this season it is neither too cold nor too hot.
this is a primal instict that humans will forever have, and is essential for living life.
every one dosen't know how to use it.
i haven't gain a pound or an ounce since i've been on computer.
when someone plays a sport live baseball or basketball, hand eye coordination is definetly needed.
i should also add in that using the computers our school is in communication with a school in .
i can easily just sit up in my room and be on the computer all the time.
they venture onto the computer and and everything they need to know about , from the security of their home.
computers give you all that.
itunes is the program where you can download any song, music video, tv show, or movie onto and ipod.
it's like the liked to keep on saying the same old thing using repitions.
another example is if we get the newspaper everyday but it doesn't have the article that we are looking for, we use the internet.
we asked our neighbors to stay with us for the night.
a computer helps the victim by giving them a better feel on their environment.
study conducted by university, the computer is the most largely operated machine.
but once you find it, you would need to check the copyright.
without the guidance from , , or other applications, woudn't be possible for me to reach my full potential a assignments.
what book will be removed from the shelves next?
now you know how to fix your problem, get going!
i use the computer of .
the time has come to decide.
secondly, these books is like a guide to others.
we type reports, learn, read online.
whether it be magazines, books, newspapers, movies, or music.
helps life if you work in a office or a trademark.
rescent studies show that find it easier + better for kids to type papers.
very recently during the war in the , news reporters were not allowed into towns and cities where a user uses being fought.
you also get the body language which you can't get from on the computer unless you are using webcam.
some people say that when you are on the computer you aren't interacting with friends and family, but they are wrong.
you stop using computers, you deny yourself this magnificent way communicating!
and i mean question you can ask questions from wat the price of is in , to what an is.
do i believe that vertain materials should be removed from the shelves of libraries if found offensive?
we can also talk to our friends online.
they take enjoying nature, reduse your communication levels, and not to mention, waste a lot of energy.
movies are anoter way of getting you emotions or expressing yourself.
steal from you and worse.
computers are best all around helpful.
this is a number that, in my opinion, is too high.
this essay is to describe my opinion on if certain materials that can be offensive, should be removed from shelves in libraries.
i belive people should spend more time outside with their family.
i get to keep in touch with my family and friends i no longer see.
music is an even larger gateway to mental damage then movies are.
everything has it's purpose.
i am going to hit points on what i think about the subject.
online poker could be dangerous.
but you must control what you do on them and how much you use them.
therefore, if everyone complained that they found a certain book or movie to be offensive, there would hardly be anything left, as katherine paterson said.
i hope you have realized that without computers, the world wouldn't be as it is today.
the movie was full of inappropriate words, therefore i had to shut it off.
therefore, i do not believe that certain materials that are found offensive to some people should be removed.
what we have to realize is that everyone views things in different ways.
when i went to the libraren and asked for a series of books, and was always turned down, because of the christin population.
by spending some time leisurely, we will be able to prolong our lives and also be comfortable.
they are now always inside on their computer.
there should be some way of telling the people that this is happening and is a concern.
not only do computers deprive people of getting exercise, but they also prevent people from enjoying nature and other parts of the world.
computers are a source of vast knowledge from millions of sources.
you become more if you go more it gives you a chance to hang out with some neighborhood kids.
finally, computers help families that are seperated, connect with each other.
no one wants their identity stolen some up ad.
we moved to the suburbs where crime is more rare and mostly just misdimeaners.
then some people read so fast they do not comprehend it correctly.
it makes learning easy.
dear , i understand that experts are saying people are spending to much time on computers didn't agree.
i hear people telling me, 'oh dont read that book its a bad book.
remember how we used to have to read the newspaper to find out about breaking news and important things?
thank you for listening.
everyone has their own oppinion and beliefs on what materials are good, and what are not acceptable for the human minds.
this is a perfect way for transportation and learn new things about other places.
the computer would allow their dreams to happen by finding their familys.
do you believe everyone should have their on beliefs?
one out of five people wear glasses or contacts, these days.
students have to learn them when they study mathematics in higher classes.
there are about fifteen thousand books in the library.the principal of my school is a very good administrator.
i love swimming better than going on the computer.
lastly you can even look up people on the internet.
computers can be a bad thing in a childs.
i don't think people should be able to take a book off the shelf just because they find it offensive.
people do drugs and drink everyday, but just because someone sees you doing it doesnt mean they will too.
maybe it will at one point get damged but they have people who can fix it.
but having an year old child playing a game with guns is certainly unnacceptable.
computers have information when serious weather storms are coming and prepare us for the weather.
many parents are becoming upset because they think their children are viewing things that they should not.
on top of that, they're not aware of what's happening to them.
censorship in libraries is a very contraversial.
people will not be caring for family or friends.
cenorship can be described as limitations or restrictions, and it can aslo be called common courtsy.
also, the computer is bad for people because they will be on the internet all night and get no sleep.
throughout everything you do in a day chatting with friends is a good way to relax and have fun.
what can you do to change?
computers can teach people about things that are forien to them.
if we dont use computers why we even have computers?
yes, drugs and alcohol are bad, but why isn't a curse word?
while the ball is in the air you must focus on it while holding your stick at the correct position.
""they ignore the biggest fact that computers are only used to make life easier.""
there are many things you can do that a computer can do and better.
now a days people try to find the out, but will all the tools on the computers mae people get the education.
parents or teachers wouldn't want there kids finding out bad words to say
computer advances are bad for our country and town.
do you believe this is the message to be school to future generations?
so please the local newspaper please try to make this believable.
books are a way that people can express themselves with out actually going out and hurting someone or something.
people depend on computers for their scheduling and keeping in touch with everyone that they know.
the rice plant needs a lot of mud and water in the early stages of growth.
if you just go outside for atleast an hour a day you'll see fore sure how much better it is than being on a computer.
our country has hit an economical low, and this is caused by the youth not taking life seriously.
the web is only one thing out of hundreds of great things about computers.
knowing that you are better off not using the computer and being with the poeple you like, wouldn't you do ?
they can provide tons of information normally unobtainable.
in conclusion, certain materials should not be removed from the shelves of libraries is they are found offending to certain people.
without the computer, families who live far away from each other can talk with a push of a button.
people prefer difrent types of books so renoving some reduses the selection.
and that maybe someday all books and pieces of literature will be able to remain on the shelves, being endlessly read by consumers
during lunch and dinner, we have cereals in the form of rice, wheat and whole grains.
magazines should be removed from the library.
after you find your topic, you can check and see if there's reliable information by reading a summary.
well that's what computer are for.
that is my opinion about censoring things from libraries.
computers are helping society become more and more lazy.
such as paying bills on line or planin vacation and even attending collage classes.
there are many things going on in the cyber world.
whether it had something to do with religious beliefs or even revealing too much sexual content, i'm sure it's offensive to someone somewhere.
you would be a bored kid or adult if you keep doing this.
many people in the world have old friends from school that they want to stay in touch with.
they could use the same method with books.
this has happened to so many people because computers are too distracting and drain your brain.
i think that there should only be certain things on the self that childern can see.
people always strech the truth or tell a 'white lie' however most information is factual.
i feel it's because they are not getting enough well needed exercise!
kinda like typing.
exercising makes your muscles stronger, improves lung function and helps burn off unnessecary calories.
you wont talk to your friends as much at school or hang out with them because all you want to do is go on the computer.
computers affect people in that they help to send out news and stories causing them to want to help people.
where in life.
however, nothing beats real connect.""
they get the cramps form typing to fast, hard and too long.
some parents not even realize what their teenagers or little children are actually buying.
teachers are beginning to require that school work is typed on a computer and printed.
or might get yourself killed.
we need to decide whether computers have positive or negative effect on people.
dear , of late there has been controversy of how computers affect people's lives.
the entire nation had become reliant on computers.
these people are losi a lot of refreshment.
if they lose their jobs they can pay for they can't use their computer.
this is called cyber bullying.
alot of car robbers happen because someone left technology in there.
but you canstill do it.
ever heard of social networking?
it was a pleasure as always to write to you.
you know vampire books, heros, crazy fiction stuff, and then the magazines and movies that aren't bad.
as i was say computers are good for emailing, even i.ming.
over the few years it has become a growing debate as to wheather computers are a benifit to socity or not.
secondly, there are people like me who are not offended at all from these books, music, and movies.
is is that easy.
a study shows of families that go on vacations have strong relationships.
sitling on a destroys your life bot physically and socially.
cybe bulles lower yourself-esteem.
at some works, the work consists of emailing other work members about the problems they are having, and about meetings.
if you are going on a trip i would want to know about that place to see what i need.
for me i think it is.
for students in any grade level and any class, research projects are going to be assigned by a teacher.
i hope you understand that technology is not everything in life.
some child say that kids are happy when they go ho,e because they cant be buuyed but be bullyed at their safe place, their home.
this helped me get over my father's absence.
everybody these dayrace people have so much effort making.
what are you waiting for?
there could also be dumb websites that have no purpose like facebook and myspace.
another thing is can get anything needed.
for me, a lot of the times i just need information about maybe a sports player of facts about a famous event.
it takes risks to guard our house.
i think you would find more things about that person that you would in books.
computers internet access, our business would crumble, then the economy would follow.
as you can see the human population has because too dependent on computers.
i'm not a mother, nor am i soon-to-be-a-mother, but i find highly offensive that companies and stores would do that.
so dont take away readrs imagintion
movies would be a major thing that they would have to watch out for.
by prohibiting books such as ' ' or 'the in the ' to be read; the greater meaning of these works is being disregarded.
computers help people know news, traffic weather directly, interact with people, and learn new things.
you hurry down to the nearest fast-food store and by yourself a cheeseburger, fries, and a soda.
inspire yourself by writing poems about how you feel or draw a screnary.
my parents stand me in my house as they use the computer.
it's a free country and they have they will to freedom of speech.
this is a great idea!
now, 's friend doesn't want to hang out with , or any of his other friends.
fortuneatly, this was all caught on film.
so if you have no chance of seeing each other anytime soon you can talk to them then.
when the person (no matter who it is)goes out into the world.
also, it is the best information database known to and is probably the most used.
nature has its own scheme of colours for sustenance and renewal of its rhythm and cycle.
i believe it should be a persons choice to read something or not and if they find it offensive, they should simply put it down.
some of the books that maybe on the shelf hurt some ones feelings.
some people learn on computers.
the use of computers especially has sky-rocketed.
also idsfun to and ear foods from the culture that you fing cool off that lame computers.
so yes computers have helped us in more ways than one.
so many people use computers everyday, and 's bad for your physical and mental health.
yeah, i said it free.
not only does it save time and connect you to other people but it can help you physically.
some books are just too good to be banned.
i also believe libraries should not get rid of 'offensive' material because by doing so, they would probably be getting rid of a lot of interesting material.
each class teaches us to respect more and more of this culture.
of kids say that they are happier when they have something fun to look forward to, and happier kids do better work.
the faculty of a school does not have the right to decide what books are allowed in their school based on their own ideals.
, computers make it simple to learn new information about many things such as people and places across the globe.
the same thing goes for friends.
lastly, you can talk online with other people.
no, i do not believe they should be, but that is my opinion.
in the morning nature is at its best.
or you can go on gaming sources, and interact with other people!!
one person's strong negative opinion effects everyone else.
the content of a library should be full of various material even if one find certain materials offensive.
you listen to your instincts, then you'll know that they are.
her name is kitty.she is big with white and brown.
i belive that the people who don't have computer's have the right to say that people are online rather than exercising.
you don't have to go outside every day, but once in a while it feels good to get out and explore the world.
we get to sit at a table on our dining rooms or kitchens.
the internet and computers are waiting to explode and invade the minds of everybody.
suddenly, we heard a cry of alarm.
time to go for a walk, jog, or bike ride?
in the current life we are all living we find a need to make things more an more private.
does that seem fair??
then you remember you were supposed to meet you sister , but you have a hair appointment.
and if you are connected to the internet, you can play games with other people around the world.
half of uses computer for jobs for money just like my family.
her mother never wanted to talk about him because, she knew that this way only going to make matters worse.
for example i learned how to type rapidly on a keyboard from a computer on a game called type to learn.
my parents are doing this to protect me and i agree with their decision.
this is a very inefficient & disorganized way to be research.
internet sites, like extremely useful.
example of americans play soccer.
from young students to adults, computers have become a favorite machine modern day technology.
also, they make research for school become a lot more efficent.
music helps me gets through life, and i know it helps you get through yours too, it shouldn't be banned.
theres always something to watch.
we walked out the front doors and we were on our way home.
do you believe certain books should be removed from the shelf because they are offensive?
i had to rewrite the whole thing again!""
these are programs for this, facebook and myspace.
they wouldn't have the slightest clue.
it is important to know the pros and cons of computers.
just like kids they go on the computer to just play games.
for example say there is a book about abortions and you want to know more about this subject so you deside to check it out.
some be grass, some be funny others even be wierd.
everyone is so caught up in their computers, they don't sit back, relay and take in nature.
people gets bullied, and it has on effect on your schoolwork.
when producers produce movies containing sexual content, language, or violence, they aren't producing the movie, expecting every citizen to see it.
all of the previously listed things are rated.
over the years that its been existance, its benefited us al lot.
they provide entertainment, acess to daily uses, and have many websites for social interactions.
i know i would like to.
there is no reason to go to the section that they dont like becasue they wont be reading a book from there becasue they dont like it.
selfishness also leads to evil.
dear newspaper, i strongly believe that the effects on people caused by computers are positive.
everyone could express themselves everyday, in their own way
even though people think it take time from exercising and interacting with people it not really time.
yes but, you will be learning some interesting things on how the internet works.
some think that imagination can turn someone crazy or into doing something that is not normal; but what is normal?
in conclusion, i believe that computers make peoples a little bit easier knowing that they have vital information right at the tips of their fingers.
first, i will be explainig why it is important to enjoy nature.
i wish i could sit inside it and fly high up in the sky.
computers can also be addicting.
also, games on the internet cause kids to be drawn away from their families.
finally computers play a huge part in warming because of the fact that they are so popular.
such as a family reunion, a family vacation and many more.
dear the , i belive that computers offer a lot more pros than they do cons.
staff members should think to put revealing works up to where the younger generation can not find them.
well i honestly think that shouldn't ever have to happen to you.
if theres no phone then theres always the computer.
all computers are equipped with a video camera and you can buy one if you have a .
he delivers parcels and money orders, etc.
the use of this technology can old people in discovering so many new things they have never known before.
if everything is taken out then nobody would have any reason for going to a library.
almost every day that i go online, i see something on the side of the website advertising some kinda of pornograghy site.
these get more alms as their miserable plight arouses people’s sympathy.
by using computer for a long period of time, you begin to think how computers are all you need.
as a result, people would still get to enjoy nature.
these books that we leave behind influence the future of our society.
also just cause one person tihnks its offensive doesn't mean that others will.
is not the only person this has happened to.
every day they are on the computer.
now, news lpaper , you wan't your son going through what that man's son went through?
if we did not have the computers to let us know about the earthquake in they would be in alot more trouble.
the computer helps us with school.
my answer to that is no you should not.
there is a great rush at the doors of the compartments.
i got down from the bus.
but what are wasting money on?
it all comes down to common sence.
my main reason for this conclusion is that if someone thinks a book is too offensive they should simply avoid this book.
hospitals organize all records digitally to help give the right treatments patients.
there is no need for an angry public or strikes.
say growing up your favorite books were the .
workers even use it to see whats going on with the jobs if theres any jobs open so they can take it.
think about how life would be in the without computers.
kids can read or see or listen the these vulgar things an think its ok or cool to say or do these things.
but think about a library and then imagine a computer.
computers are also beneficial because of what huge resource they are.
students can type a project or paper on the computer faster and easier.
the reason is that, you can interact with others online.
so reader these are some ways why people should enjoy computers.
when i would watch music videos on every song that was being played was the edited version.
computers make our lives easier.
computers also provide microsoft , publicher, powerpoint, etc.
i went to my friends houses and listed to explicit music and watched rated movies.
you can have conversations with all your friends and family.
not everything can be just peachy kin all the time.
because they can help people find information they need.
i wished i could join them.
i hope you made up your mind and decided that all internet access is not a waste of time.
people are wasting too much time on their computers and it's flushing our society down the toilet, so just turn off your computer.
casue im pretty sure i dont want to read about a magical friendly dragon finding its way home.
computers run people's relationships with family and friend.
without a doubt computer benifit everyone's society.
the computer has internet and that like billions of facts and much more information about every thing.
he makes funny gestures and remarks.
all work and no holiday makes a student’s life dull and boring.
also, it allows family and friends to connect with other family and friends.
now is the time to take action but making more clubs or activities to people.
just because the offencive things seem rude and unapproite doesn't mean that they are.
as mentioned before, the social life you had will be gone.
everyone was in harmony with his neighbour.
computers are morphing devices that take away 's points in life.
if something offensive is found at the library, should it be taken off of the shelves?
even though these people think they are overused they still use them.
people that say they are helpful are just using that as excuse.
computers actually help you with sports in a way.
so, these ideas hardly leave any other opening for me.
the spectators begin to laugh as soon as the clown enters the ring.
of speech'' meens that people have the right to wright what they want to.
we also allow our right to be informed to be excercised.
that , uses about the same amount of energy in as regular light bulbs in hours, that light really saving you that much money.
when i asked what movie she was looking at, she turned the cover over with no reservation and, said' '.
yes it be true that adults like to read about sex, and drugs but do we really want our kids reading the same stuff that we read.
sometimes getting angry she shouts us when we turn the house upside down.
i think if this does happen it will be hard to get over an stop using the computer.
that means i can easily go on the and find out great things about what place i'm assigned.
now, a modern, civilized world.
you can't cut pictures out of books.
two, it can teach you new languages you really desired to learn, and three, it can keep you updated on whats happening around the world.
parents need to face the fact that their kids are going to be exposed to offensive things in imperfect world of ours.
she is an expert in teaching.
this is opinion why computers are benefit for society.
a report in stated that of fortune companies are run soley by computer programs.
lets say you needed to make a change to the price of your goods but your car broke down and the incorrect price was miles away.
children shouldn' lose their innocence so soon but they shouldn' be so nieve about the world either.
we need to do things on our own more often and stop relying on computers to do everything for us!
my second reason is that when you are ""chatting"" or ""'ing"" someone, who is it really?
some people think that it shouldn't be like that because they are weary of who might see them go into a little room marked .
have you ever seen the commercial where a little boy is talking to his father on the computer.
when useing a computer it gives you the advantages of researching and studying far away places.
excrise is really important for your body and doens't even have to be to got anything, but don't spend your time wasted on computers.
if i said that to my mom she would probably tell me to go use the phone, but computers can do everyhing a phone can do and more.
i think it's pretty obvious that noone is going on computers to learn, otherwise they wouldn't have so many users on game websites.
the library should just pick their music wisely so everyone can be well satisfied.
i believe that certain books, movies, music, and magazines should be taken off the shelves, to those who they are offending.
the computer helps develope hand-eye coordination, learn about specifil subjects and interact with people on the computer.
we excirsize nobody dosen't excersize we excersize at scheol when we walk home when we walk our dog take out the trash but thert might experience.
you should be outside, enjoying the fresh air and playing sports, not stuck inside all day with your eyes glued to a screen.
as for music, movies, and magazines should be a limited for usuage in the library.
she got a we also be able to see whats going on with the and different place.
don't chose for us let us learn on our own.
so we simply looked on the cinema's website.
eventually we would drown and life would seece to exist.
advances in technology are great.
think about it we have access to our bank accounts, stores, reasearch, school, etc.
so in strong opinion it is a good idea to have a computer.
libraries today carry books that were in the past on the 'banned books' list, but that does not mean books are not being banned from libraries.
there is a time when i went to the library and saw books and especially magazines throughout, that had an impact on colored people.
its not the computers fault familys.
dear, the people use the internet.
no one can experience the greatness of nature while on the computer.
this way, we don't have to talk to people in person.
they give us the ability to learn at home, connect with other people, and give a source of entertainment.
also if a person rents a movie they know they aren't allowed to get an movie then they should get another movie.
so he turned his computer to type it, he gets on at.
it's there resoponsibility to decide what their children read or see and not anyone elses.
rember an hour a day is more than enough!
that is what i choose to do and i would say it is working out great.
you just got to know how to avoid it.
everyone should have a computer, because you can chat with people.
computers benefit society, people can socialize online with anyone.
i find them very fascinating and i love to see what my life could be like if the outcomes of those would have been different.
i don't think so and neither should you.
she was lazy and never wanted to exercise.
newspapers give us information about our country.
all of them are white.
my last reason is because you can send messages to a faraway place by using e-mail.
some people that go online to research stuff are probable being lied to maybe someones just messing with them.
also, you can spent your spare time playing games that help you learn or even book flight ticket for vacation.
people use computers every day if it's not talking with friends playing games it peoples buenesness.
so computers have a big effect on schools, communy, stores and many other pplaeces and peoples life.
if you start banning or censoring certain things then how will people learn?
nature is one of the most beautiful things on this planet.
time is sao precious in our lives and we must not waste it staying o a computer day.
when they say , they mean .
it is very bold.
you can just type instead of writing whole out.
computer are ruining these things for people.
also imagine going to work and not having a computer!
you can study different foods and cultures around the world.
i don't know how people can sit on a computer all day without moving around.
a person should never comitt sucide, especially because some other person could not be nice.
first of all, there are so many books that could be found as 'offensive.'
you can keep in touch.
computers have also become a comen used thing such as school that we use them for reports, studies, and some home work.
there he works for the whole day.
so as you can tell computers affect health, socializing, and even mentality.
taking away for many.
someone else might want to read it.
some such as playing sports.
kids need about mins of cardio, so why not run your legs than your newest download?
if you were to see something you find offensive does that have to mean it offends another around you?
with webcams that are attachable to some computers or some that are embedded within the computers you can talk to them.
it is always good to discuss with others before we do anything.
lastly what is so bad about having a computer?
you dont want these things to happen to your kid so keep them away from it.
movies can help people learn about the real world by seeing how to do those type of things as we get older.
many argue that computers provide quick easy communication, help children and adults learn, and even teach balancing habits to our generation.
when a lot of people begin to protest that same material, it has a high probability of being banned.
even more of the knowledge to be learned is being stripped away and cut down by censorship.
computer help the environment too.
for example , , and yahoo.
what if at you job you need the internet.
computers help in a positive way.
it doesnt matter if its age aproprite or not.
remember what from the department of tecnolgey at said, "" can only get better if socitey accepts it.
with any of these things you can talks to friends or family around the world or in your state/country.
well it has been banned because is racit against .
after lunch, we bid them goodbye and returned home.
you can learn about far of places and people in them with computers.
the computer is surely a great invention.
children for the most part don't know any better.
some might disagree with me but the truth is, moving your hand over the mouse doesn't count!
are many different views on censorship, which could effect how people choose what happens in libraries.
dear , to this day, there are many people who use telecommunication devices, like the computer.
he also tells them about the countries where those fruits come.
a lot of humans sit on the computer and eat so over the time they eventually get fat.
only well-mannered people can become good citizens in the country.
without the computer how would our willing people help the rest of the world, or even know about the rest of the world?
dear , have you ever trully marveles at the computers in our generation today?
if a family member coms and visits you they would probuly email you about it but if there is no computers they can't tell when there coming.
the third reason is computers allow you to talk online to people.
i have been to a library and nothing at all was offensive to me or anyone else.
also computers helped us in the recent election, and will continue do so for a long time.
the person on the computer obviously does not care if they sleep or not.
yes, computers benefit the society.
s i think we are not.
when people are on the computer i think they dont play as much and start to get fat but that its their decision.
after a little over a year of him being good friends be moves to , i thought i would never hear from him again.
computers take away time to actually use your mind and problem solve in real life solution.
by taking the books off the shelves, i believe that that would be repressing their as .
i am here to say that, that is a terrible accusation.
secondly, many friends would get mad if you can' see them.
maybe you are a third grade teacher and the little kids are driving you nuts, go to , and educational and fun website.
dear , i took a poll of people and of them agree computers have a positive effect on people.
both of these programs are an inivative way to talk with a family member that isn't home.
however, the majority of censorship does not take a good side.
for example, i see my teacherm.
computers also great way to communicate to people no matter how far away that person is.
i truely it's because my mother teached me now to use a computer! ""
she failed the grade.
they can help with hand eye cordination, help you learn about far away places, and they help people communicate.
friends always find something fresh to admire and appreciate each other.
limit the time on the computer.
as i was going through last weeks newspapers, i saw an ad to write an article about either the negative or positive factors about computers.
it what you wants no need.
the worst of all is that on the internet, there is always unclear indentification.
the media is destroying our youth!
if the parent doesn't know that their kid read the book their parents will be wondering where they got bad phrases from.
i feel like when books or movies get or removed, it makes the author feel like they're worth nothing.
but your savior has arrived!
i ' think so.
computers can help with a lot of things.
i think taking a step back from using computers could benefit society more than using them.
this is a hard question to ask.
that is why computer benifit people positively.
since most people access these websites from their computers its another bad effect of computers on people.
that's why it's bad to have a computer.
computers can benefit society because you can learn many new things on the internet.
there lives will never be the same because they were using the computer too much.
is an indecator that a person who could find foul language offensive, that such person should no buy that song.
people in your life.
when your were a kid, did your parents let you play all day on the computer?
in these paragraphs i gave you my opion on computers and how there are posotive and negative things about them.
so try to get exercise, hang out with your friends & family, and enjoy nature!
it's nice to know that you have many options and freedom to pick whatever book you would like to read.
just dont be addicted and got outside... and have exercise with friends and family too.
people might think that they have a right to argue or take the offensive actions out.
this is what they should do about books that are found offensive.
perhaps we will find nature more interesting.
for example, many kids who are on myspace or facebook have not talked to their parent or guardian about internet safety.
now this offend a few people that might have been thereor maybe don't like , but her story has the right to be told.
when i was younger and i said that i was going to read a book, i was really reading one.
or when updates are posted about up coming events in that company, an e-mail is sent out and is found using a computer.
you can communicate, meet other people, and chat tru computers.
websites like @caps8 even give adulsts a chance to find their soulmate online!
i love to talk to my friends on facebook.
rateings on the back of magazines and books would help destinguish what age is appropriate for .
parties, lunch breaks, or even a family dinner are great times to socialize.
computer put negative affects on people of all and i think we should stop and think about what we are doing.
i strongly believe that being on the computer to long is a very bad idea.
there is a lot of websites you can join so that you can speak to your friends as long as there online.
is a website to talk to friends & relatives.
just going to a family house, you can be interacting.
computers can show you pictures of a place, but when you are actually there, it is really fascinating.
these three reasons are why i feel the is under-appreciated.
many people use computers for different reason.
as a child i wasn't shielded from these kinds of situations.
i think that's why the library has the shelves marked in sections for example, adult, young adult, children, and referance.
sure people don't get to enjoy the campus, but with the price of gasoline these days, it's worth it.
now where going to talk about bad things that computers do.
i garrented you that.
out of people keep in touch with family or friends online.
before computers and calculating took more time but now they get our work done quickly and without error.
thats why computers are the most helpful thing we have and we should keep learning and progressing to make us more advance and smarter.
people should feel proud to be here and not scared of things that could impact their lives forever.
computers could help you get a better future.
computers allow now of communication between friends.
my second opinion on computer is that.
maybe they will become ore friendly and become more outgoing.
we all know that is garbage.
so to wrap this all up nice and sweet.
all you have to to is go to .com and all types of past would show up.
although i use a computer a lot i still have fun with friends and play sports.
gene a phsychyatrist states that when someone in a family has to leave to go on buisiness, then that family will start relying on a computer to communicate.
censorship in the is a direct violation of our consitiution.
from what a word means, to the directions to get to , the computer can help with all of this.
for example to show the full amount of hatred for a character you have to use some offensive words.
alot of kids are bullied and picked on the school but then that bullying carries itself to the childs home threw the computer.
my first reason their they don't know what happening out ide because they are to much busy on the computer.
computers drain and waste peoples minds everyday.
but, there are many ways to experience nature without ""roughing it.""
if we start deshelving books than soon movies will be going and than magazines will be limited to only say so much.
more people should see computers as a positive effect on people.
muddy water flowed along the drains into our garden.
i asked a friend of mine's child about how much he interacts with his family and friends?
dear newspaper, you think that computers have bad effect on people today?
on just about every movie or music album that is produced they rate it so that you can know who should be watching this movie and who shouldn't.
that means that people cant exercise are wasting many are have the posibility of physical that sound good to you?
a lot of people have been paying their taxes online and if there is a virus on their computer, they could get their person's personal information!
no, i think books and ect.
let me explain.
i think the computer is a great way to hook up with old friends.
have we come to?
again, as katherine paterson stated, '...then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us,' if we remove them
well most people find a lot of things that intrest them in many ways.
talk them into becoming racist towards others.
like anything, computers have downsides too.
i also believe that if the masterial is offensive to women/men then it should be taken off the shelf.
well, for starters they help slow the waste of paper.
parentscan always have a say in what kind of book their children read or what kind of movies they watch.
however, all you can find are those generic articles in old books.
exercise, hike, swim and bike.
a computer is one important in ma life if behind in some classes i could do some research and study at home and learn about it.
in addition to financial loss there is also a health issue.
other ways lived you could as.
i believe that computers make everyday work easier to do.
next, computers are benifical because of the information they can provide.
f was in sixth grade i needed glasses because i was addicted to computer for so long and my eyes got damaged.
computers have all these websites that are full of great information.
but this can also keep us from going outside, excersising, and seing real people in real life.
family would be closer together instead of spreading apart by computers.
i would rather be having fun and getting nice fresh-air then sitting on the computer about to be sick.
this is why computers are good for hearg kids learn.
you the, even uses computers to write your articles for the paper.
constantly chatting with someone can cause tou to loose track of time.
you wanted to go to a close but fancy restaurant you use a computer so you know how far.
they told me about my mother living in .
as you can see, there are more cons than pros when it comes to computers.
what if a celebrity got hit by a bus or a rocket in space just landed sucesfully?
i also went and tried to help her.
i say that it is posotive because without the computer how would most offices run their buisness?
fresh air, trees and birds are much better than a screen, a couple clicks, and the hum of a machine.
i have actually been able to improve my exercise rutine byuseing the computer.
also it tells you about your town.
the man goes through the novel with a secret stash of books of his own.
its amazing how easy it is to talk with other people with the computer.
think of it, just by learning to tye, your hand-eye coordination can go up .!
you can easily find the details and information you need.
plus, they probably pull up pingball and see how long they can go without getting the little ball down the hole.
no history will be know but what is passed down.
i agree we should spend more time outside but we should also spend some time inside.
so then were left with nothing.
this not the way to be treating a device.
in other words, you waste time.
they are positve to have for school work, definitions and even translation.
but it also allows us to communicate with the people online.
my opinion is that offensive materials should not be removed from libraries.
do you think the advantages and disadvantages at the library are fair enough for everyone?
so, now i hope you can see that computers effect people in a positive way.
now your not bored anymore.
first i would like to say that you can interact with family and friends.
muslim people celebrate ramzan at the end of the fasting period.
this brings us to our last subject.
in the process of deciding what books are offensive and which are not offensive, all books will eventually be eliminated.
dear newspaper i'm writing a letter to you about how i feel about the effects that computers have on people.
they are very useful for people who go to school bacause you can complete and save work for your classes.
so, i come to my conclusion by saying that these computers have a ""great effect""on people.
you don't what to fight in a library (look ).
i believe that books are too important to throw out just because they contain a few vulgar words or images.
to make everyones life easier kids, get off your lazy butts, get off the twinkies, and stop playing on the computer.
the lights of the nearby houses and of the bridge threw beams of silver in the river.
on the other hand, my friend's parents were not the best at censorship and allowed her to watch or read whatever she wanted.
lastyly, computers (and tehn keyboards) are helping people with hand - eye coordination.
that's understandable but everyone else should not be exempt.
overall a persons opinion will be the most important one to them.
you can let them see what they want and buy it online than going to the stores.
with a computer you can learn about space and stars and planets.
i think that many people will use profanity and will have an i don't care attitude.
yes, some people might say they cost too much, but that's really only a one ime price.
as you sit on the computer and play games or to friends, you are most likely caling.
maybe there parents should look at the books first or maybe they should have taken it off the shelf.
also helps with everyday needs like and homework.
other positive way is online dateing sites.
and thas my oppeneang for that a help that you agree with my words.
the miltary uses thermal sights on guns and tanks so they can identify people in even the most craziest weather.
it is true that he finally gets caught.
punctuality is a must for anyone who wants to save his time.
there has even been a case of where a chid went mad and killed his/her parents in rage.
in conclusion, computers do benefit society.
this is a social website that is used to connect or reconnect with friends.
do you ever have time to read?
also, researchers say that people who have facebook, skype, or twitter accounts become closer to their families than people who don't.
if a student can't manage to carry home pounds of books they can just use their textbook online.
its you can see computers are a usefull and beneficial part of society.
they read newspapers and magazines.
well the world does not stop and say ''hey look at that finds that offensive so lets take that off the shelves just to please her''.
at the library you would have to first get there, secend pick out your book, and third check out.
however, it is also opening your eyes to new cultures.
to start, computers can help people comunicate just imagine someone on the other side of the world.
so why not advance and invest in the music industry, it will provide entertainment and fun for years to come.
well, all these things and more can be solved by using the computer.
also, computers can cause all kinds of medical problems.
thank you for your time
do computers make harm?
this blog allows the class to not wast class time to talk about recently read books.
webcam programs like which you see and talk to each other using a webcam and , where you can find your friends and check how their doing daily.
no entertainment like listing to musics, watching fun, and probable the most popular playing games.
that means people have less time to exercise, enjoy nature and socialize.
our children are the most important things to us.
the computer is a great way to learn about things but it also a great way to become a junkie and fat:
when you look stuff upon these websites and many others you can get valuable information that can get you ahead in life.
at home if my labtop is free i can go on it and be on it for hours playing games.
just look what happened in .
computers are negatively impacting our society!
this enables them to see pictures or recent vacations or sporting events.
they know more stuff then my parents, and its because now a days kids pick up on stuff a lot more easier.
no matter what are you doing, you are usually doing more on the than on the .
if i owned a public , i would have rooms devoted to books that are for different age groups.
in my personal oppion i believe children and adults should have separate televisions shows, magazines, and books.
i think the use of computers in our town are very good for society.
computers are a very important part of my life.
i believe that certain materials such as books, music,movies,ect.
a study at showed that people who spend three hours or less on their computers have up to better social, verbal, and quick-thinking skills.
as you can see many people use the internet on their computers to receive news and information.
this idea goes the same for everything found at a library.
i think the music of is a big problem because the lyrics can be very offensive.
a marine said that he tries to contact his family as much as he can while he is at sea.
elders have better knowledge than us.
what would it be like withour computers?
certainly, spoending too much time on their computers is bad.
you can make a presantation or check your email.
the most important reason why computers have a bad effect on people is that the time they spend on the computer they could be exercising to stay healthy.
people are forgeting about nature.
but the computer is one gadget that does not benefit society.
not to mention, computers cost way too much money.
music is very useful when youv'e had a long day at your place of buisness or etc.
a movie that many people have seen recently is slumdog .
, another particularly handy function of the through computers is can communicate with people who live far away, when couldn't visit otherwise.
people spend more hours sitting the computer than exercising because people find it more thrilling spending more time with computers than trreadmills!
this extends your friend ships with people.
this is were alot of people pose as someone eles and thus people get kidnapped or killed.
do you think that censorship is a good thing or a bad thing?
maybe you didnt choose to say that surgeons can dictate operations from their office in on a patient in ?
the innovation of computers was a great leap into discovery.
if the government, businesses, schools, students and local newspaper are using computers for a variety of different tasks then are thet not helpful?
the has a government where they take everybodys opition.
surveys show that out of students use the internet for information or projects for school.
ok, so maybe you dont want your child reading somthing unsensored, but the chances are some other child will say somthing unsensored around him.
, and what we read in the magazines , have a big affect.
i believe this because computers provide us with communication skills.
when i say censorship is ok when needed i mean people censor important information on the account of a event that has happend in the past.
then i saw a man looking for some shelter.
one’s profession cannot be considered as his/her leisure time activity.
you ask me, i don't play on the computer as much which is a good thing.
if we do take off the offensive stuff off the self then there are not any more on the self.
online communication is a fast, simple, and effective way for people to communicate whether is at home or at work.
there are people out there that think somethings should be taken off the shelves or not even made.
it usually doesnt get done.
so if anything bad happens and a person didn't know hoe to tell you, they could email you.
they also are great for research!
first reason that computer have a positive effect on people.
the bullies get into that person head and cause them to hurt themselves because they let people get to them.
he wears the school uniform when he is on duty.
it is a big deal.
last but not least, computers have allowed us to access information like never before.
dear , you think that computers have a bad effect on people?
computers also help people with their coordination, which is very important.
it is also good for improving memory.
you can learn about different countries, people, or even the recipe of apple pic.
i mean, unless you didn't want them to learn.
the can't control what books are in the library.
if you go on the computer you can get all of these names and items for less than compared to %.
people need to undrstand that some books aren't always trying to offend people, but the ones that are they are just trying to state there own optinon
computers also have the amazing ability to search the world wide web.
i believe computers effect people possitively because they help write papers, are a social tool, and are a big help with research.
it can be shipped to your door without going anywhere.
they also have lots of websites for help with a new language.
then , who is in the same class as , was reading his history text book and was becoming more and more elated as he read on.
sites like and allow us to communicate and/or play with them.
you do not have to use them all the tim, still enjoy nature and fun with friends dear readers, but do not forget computers!
i disagree on you part.
offensive books should be there to only distract the teenager from school.
if a book offends a person, that person simply should not read it.
the question then is, computers have good effects or bad effects on people.
if it is offensive to one person, it doesn't mean that it is to every person.
while surfing the web be fun, it has been proven unhealthy.
at their young age, exercise is very important.
when they go to school to take the cmts they are going to fail because they wont know anything because of the computer.
so yes a offensive book should be taken off a shelf if the book or books are in a public libeary.
unfortunatly, that what most choose to do.
for work, adult use.
i understand with your family could talk to them on facebook but you need interaction by talking face to face.
but once i'm home none of friends are around me, so i have nobody to talk to.
the venue was looking beautiful with flowers and lights everywhere.
hm, what else can the computer help with?
scheduleing is important.
the parrot is a common bird in the bird kingdom.
the library's would have more people going if they had more books and better ones.
censorship is not something to support.
being on the computer taks away from lots of exercising or doing other activits.
like this if you have a problem with the things around you such as taking offense to materials in the library and wonting them removed well sorry but no.
they did not blame the library.
""twitter"", and ""aol"".
store things on them, and use them for entertainment.
after that, she took us for a walk round the garden.
yes indeed these books can definently be very unsutable for younger kids.
it's always helpful when you could keep in touch with anyone, have help with your work, or simply keep yourself entertained.
finally they are a major waste of money.
now onto my third and final reason.
every year he send a general report of its functioning, expansion programme and financial commitments etc.
that is better for their health.
this is very bad for your health and body.
in conclusion, books, music, movies, and magazines should or should not be censored or removed based on the subject.
also, there are new websites where you can put personal information about yourself.
he is an intelligent person.
computers can take a lot of a person's time, but there are also benefits to having one.
having trouble in school?
i think that computers are amazing.
i beleive that such books and novels can be a great help to the immagination of others and get the mind flowing.
if there was no computer, i wouldn't be able to chat with my brother.
the railway station presents an interesting scene.
they give people acsess to more information than anything else in the world.
he was soon x-rayed and it was found that one of his ribs had cracked.
read on and see why i disagree.
, , says ""the computer can help to develope stronger reflexes.""
you might , but maybe a neighbor, or even a relative, be offended by it and might read it.
dear readers, i right to you today about the effects of computer usage.
another reason why computers are useful is because they help with hand-eye coordination.
if you're afraid someone might not get the email in time, just enter their cell phone number on and a text.
its better safe than sorry.
next did you forget about those other who dont have computers they are living the life walking with on the edge of myth.
should be removed from the shelves if found offensive.
because some books and movies are bad to show little kids.
so i belive that these atroshish things should bery well be disposed of.
the computer can help in many ways.
also, if the majority of your family lived in and you were stuck in , you could easily talk to them through email or an instant messanger.
social networking websites are a great way to connect to family members and friends from the past.
many historic moments in the world's history woul.d be lost forever.
so i think their benefits our society.
such as: homework assignments such as essays, sometimes peoples family members go off to was but can't use cell phones, also online job alpications.
i was in the library looking for a book.
how about when your up at night wondering what the weather is going to be lik, many sunny, cold or even a glorious snow day.
in conclusion censorship is a bad idea and should be left to the gurdian of a child
dont you see how sad that is?
one can enjoy the walk.
i support advances in technology because in the future.
so just have my opinions and maybe you can understand what i'm trying to say.
there will never be a perfect answer for a problem like this in the world.
finally, computers allow people in different places to communicate instantly for the reasons above, computers are very helpful to people all around the world.
computers teach hand-eye cordination, helps us learn, and we can even talk online with friends and family.
he can not spend much money for medical or engineering courses.
without interacting with one another we can suffer from depression.
the market place is very busy in the evening.
now more than ever before people are bulling.
lastly it gives you the latest updates it can share if the sched is closed, delayed, or open.
it is now or never the decision is in your hand, make the right decision and say no to computers.
that is all i have to say for now.
primary class children were playing with boats in the pool which serves our center court.
there was a great joy.
entertainment can not always please everyone.
like i said earlier in this essay, you will always have you people that like to complain about every little pitty thing they can find to complain about.
even doing smaller things, like jumping jacks or cuntups, can help make you and you heart healthy!
thats good because what if you frogot what was homework or you need help on something, you could go online and ask them.
for example, a student has been assigned a report on a piece of classical literature.
dear, paper edattor we should stop because people arent doing anything their just staying home using the computer.
math game science game different games you what.
take history for example.
they don't go outside and enjoy nature.
you can find dates on the computer, too and find information about certain eople too.
others just want to have the freedom to read what they want to read.
for example or twitter keeps you in touch with friends from high school.
everytime you log into that death trap device, your selfesteem becomes lower because you never talk to friends or call them.
a true friend is a gift from god.
cause they want to buy every thing in the book.
libraries shouldn't have to hide this topic from anybody.
if keeping the material in libraries means individuals will become offended for very different reasons, let it be organized chaos.
first, computers are used for education around the world.
we are able to learn things quicker by using computers.
so you are compleatly agenst using computer the get up and use right now.
the fresh air in the park refreshes my mind and body.
even if you might find it interesting, in then end you find out that it is offensive to you then just take it the other direction.
so if you take those books off the shelves and werent able to listen to that music maybe your child could do some of those things.
so now the question is up to you; are computers good for people, or not?
burn the average person between the ages of and spend more then hours on a computer.
why get rid of these books when people are still enjoying them everyday.
this will save time and money of travaling.
they also help us with research, are enviromental-friendly, and help the youth our world become neater one click at a time.
there are alot ;of good things on the internet.
freedom and equality are its essential concepts.
the final reason why we use computers is education.
in conclusion, i feel very strongly about how positive computers are to society today.
people are spending too much time on the computer and less with friends or family.
someones going to have to work overtime this week, and it's not me.
in libraries, there are different kinds of books; fiction, non fiction..(etc).
almost all people who use the computer often say of the time, they use it as an excuse not to see friends and family.
whispers and comments fill the room while people make their way throughout the library.
computers are not a very good electronic if kids are not getting their homework done because of .
these waves are linked to diseases and cancers.
computers are one of the most useful ways of making contact today, but communication is not the computer's only purpose.
but some how it got an award and is one of the must for high school student's.
it was he who wrote the world famous sherlock holmes detective stories.
he used a computer to help study for a test he had the next day.
doing that with their life.
along with advertising products buisnesses can even sell their products online without doing a thing.
a lot of teens and kids use their computers to shop and stay in touch with friends.
computers help teachers, students, employees, and parents.
that with too much computer time, people can become more aggresive, have health issues, and become even less caring of the environment.
without computers to video chat with grandma, i have no communication with her they one or two times a year.
and as this continues, finally, we are left with the empty shelfs of a forgotten building that no longer has a purpose.
one thing that i find very useful on computers is an online textbook.
every since people are young, they are taught that it is important to be unique and express their own style.
with a computer in all that time you could be completely finished with you whole project!
you can write your first draft then all you have to do inordre to get a final copy is reread it and make changes when they are nessecary.
soon my temperature rose, i felt hot and restless.
however, she was in a boarding school in while her aunt needed her support.
even if they aren't the same as everyone else's, everyone is intitled to their own opinions; equality is something most people find very important.
many sports teams like the use this.
email is high tech, and super easy!
you should keep it on the shelf for the people who want to actually read it or just want to read it to see what its all about.
so i did and then i found out that more then half of my grade had a facebook.
never find fault or speak ill of them.
i just hopped on google and clicked images and clicked images and typed in flag.
next, it helps you search and old places like landmarks or bussnesses like salons, nail palors.
violence can be created through anything, and i feel that offensive books should be the last thing added to that.
but using electricity is the start.
it is a good idea to learn how to type fast so if you are let's say writing a story for school.
there is an obvious pattern.
go to school, goto the library, and hang out with friends are great ways to interact with people.
even people in the army use the comptuer to communicate.
in the adult section they have adult books.
by banning certain pieces, the world destroys an opportunity to expand the knowledge of every individual.
or now, you can even instant message somebody and talk to them like there in the same room.
if it wasn't for computers, i'm sure kids would be outside getting exersize.
we need these books and movies so that there are not repeat events of all of the rough times our ancestors had to go through.
all teens kids and adults have used a coumputer for recerantol acivitys.
you can let people know what you are doing or tell them you sad because your dog died.
i went on the computer and in about a half hour i knew exactly what and how people did to live and survive.
anything is good in moderation, even a computer.
the experts can say what they want, but the computer is and always will be benefit to society.
most importantly, computers have created a way for you talk to friends and family around the globe.
maybe you want to learn something new, but there aren't many books on it, well there you go, the computer is your friend.
i doubt computers do this not everyone likes or wants to exercise.
but when they do move its to get something to eat or go get their phone.
when the computer was invented i'm sure this wasn't the purpose.
you can live your entire life indoors.
it is way better to see it on computers than on tv's bevause computers give you more information about the situation of the event!
but overall the movie teaches you about war and the things they've gone through to get our country to where it is today.
there is a better medical facility and the death rate has therefore fallen.
children need to expirience nature, not the screen of a computer.
and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
their things that my friend like but i dont like.
not good al all so people get of your feet and jogg.
but other people want to read this book.
dear newspaper, 's small world after all - and growing smaller as computer usage becomes more and more widespread.
these are the question you need to ask yourself about certain materials that appear in libraries.
thats just like music now days you turn on a radio station and people are cussing and making fun of other colored people.
yes i do beause why keep it on ther if it's offensive to young kids and other people.
we all love him a lot.
cutting back on computer time would cut back on the obesity problem in our society.
you'd be taking one of their rights, one of the only things entitled to them without someone else telling them they can't.
it's because kids are too lazy to get off their lazy and go outisde.
so this is the first reason read the next on.
you can play a number of games off the internet.
another thing is computers give kids a positive ego or entertainment.
in other words, she is very happy in life now and has changed from this experience she has gone through.
all arrangements had been made.
almost all newspapers are now online along with on paper too.
if you take those books away because your scared that a child might get ahold of one, then your taking away what certain people enjoy reading.
computers can also give you a live feed of what is happening in the world.
kids might get picked.
i hope you can see why we need computers.
the computer makes for a happier home because as soon as kids get home from school they use it for games or chat with freinds.
though, it isn't that safe all the time.
no, it's not.
mage and i can take on lvl.
but one hour or more, is too long.
in conclusion the ecra of computers are becomingly more popular by the hour.
the effect of people using computers isn't anything bad couse you learn a lot from it.
teachers, parents, children writers everyone lets stay away from the computers and stay fit!
the juice of the young mango is sour.
unfortunatly, people can not trust anyone online because they don't know who it exactly is.
others might not think anything of the item and move along.
or people who have heart problems nad need exercise can worsen by being distracted by the computer.
this enclosed creature later develops in to a butterfly.
they are helpful to students because the internet now contains textbooks they use in class.
they aren't going outside to enjoy the nature and the arent seeing there friends and family.
but honestly, the offensive things happening just make someone else want to know more about what's going on.
like hanging out with friends, reading a book, and even doing their homework.
for example, say there was a historical fiction book about racism.
a flute seller was playing on his flute.
one because they can interact with others.
school websites also give people benefits in our society.
what some people think is the most innocent book, could offend another individual.
we just keep chating and sending can messages because our parents don't let us hang out.
there are weight surgerys but those can rack up to thousands of dollars.
secondly, they are too time consuming and, thirdly, computers are too expensive.
i'm sure that no one wants to be part of the death toll until we really have to.
let's agree and do something about this!
they are not able to have phones and sending a letter can take a long time.
dear, , idea about ""computers"" is very well thought outside of the box.well.
these a quote that says ""communication is key.""
talking online is very fun.
people who believe that they should leave this material on the shelf say its no one elses right to make this decison for you by removing them.
google is helpful for research or vocab work.
take time out of you day that you would normally spend on the computer to take a walk outside.
when voting on this decision please take part and support advances in technology, it will be beneficial to everybody.
they can catch upon things, check out what's new, even see posted pictures of them.
in the book for exsample the books are being burnt and it is causing socity to fall apart.
it carries its head and neck erect.
obviously, this is how computers have a positive effect.
you can just look it up on the computor.
my mom and i couldn't believe that a person of any age could have access to a movie as inappropriate as the movie ''.
computers are the next best thing since sliced bread.
do you know anyone in the world that can say the computer is not fun.
most people think you can use your brain for knowledge and call it exercise.
people that arent moving become lazy and have no desire to do anything which will an effect .
he never expects favors from others.
the carpenter’s job is not easy.
but do you see that every day in this generation not at all.
to conclusion i believe computers have a huge negative effect on people.
just yesterday, i read in the newest issue of that a man married a character in his computer game.
this is another reasons why computers a good.
there is always a pause button somewhere on the screen.
noone is ever going to pick up a book or magazine or even watch movies and listen to music that looks, seems, or even sounds offensive.
if the people don't like it then they can leave, and don't have too worry about it.
now that computers are so common, people can conveniently type up a paper and submit it to their boss or teacher.
a survey done by .
i can make many folders to store my work in, rather then losing or spilling something on the paper if i wrote it out.
street beggars are a common sight in big cities.
also it is just flat out a waste time when you could be outside playing a game.
this leads to other objects called peortables.
so therefore i dont think books should be takin off the shelfs.
one reason i don't belive they should be removed is because it would be unconstitutional.
they are letting explore place human has ever/could ever go.
when they say they don't have time but yet they spend an hour a day on the computer.
dear local newspaper, out of students at say that they spend most of their time on the computer.
during childhood, every kid has many questions, some their parents might not be able to answer.
we cant not do in the ""real' world.
my answer is yes.
i will bet that everyone who reads this knows someone like my neighbor.
the plight of bus travelers was of course pitiable.
's important decision is up to you.
imagine - birds chirping up in the trees, deer sipping water out of a nice cold pond.
there are so many websites that kids and teens go on, like , and facebook ect.
going to the library wouldn't have filled one with this priceless information and human interection.
their loads from place to place.
in conclusion, being sa constantly user is not healthy because it many cause obesity.
it relax you.
you can find things on cars, trucks, sports, and made up stories for fun.
how could you talk to your friend who is across the world in or germany.
kids think they can't leave their game, but they can.
sure you can just go to the park and spend time there but not everybody live that close.
the second way is helps is to give .
my opinion is that computers do benefit society.
these things are a part of life, something you can't run and hide from.
if you have hand-eye coordination, you can anything.
aport from spending time with family computers take away kids exercise privlidges.
what do you prefer having computers or no?
thank you and have a good day.
in , children spent of their day in front of a computer and outside.
thank you for taking the time to read this & i hope you will look into what i said.
my mouth is grulling for just thinking about it.
it was the first time that i had gone to such a place.
i'm just kidding can be hard at first and a little scary but 's still fun.
freedom of religion includes how we interpret and study our religions.
when i get to use the computer to keep in touch with them.
are computers helpful and the best way to go for communication?
this, however, is something to take as a concern.
last example is if your teacher says find the book about the and you go to the library but everyone is taken but you have one by tomorrow.
computers also have web camera, those let people talk to echother.
for example with school research papers we imediatly go to the computers in order to find information when we could be using books and magazeens.
you can do things like learn, socialize, and actually become healthy.
students use it for studying and making projects look better.
if libraries censored books better, then children and teens not be reading things not age appropriate to them.
talking with others by computers makes the world go round.
you can regain a true life back with them.
currently, is extremely overweight.
there is just so many things that the computer can help us with!
i have stated many resons why.
it all depends on the indivadual that likes or dislikes the word or readings.
overall computers are used everyday in school to either do research or to type up some homework.
so, computers can be your news paper and a good and fast way of communication.
computers are apart of this positive technology and definetely benefits society.
additionally, people are able to shop online.
i find this not accepable; in my opinion this is a attempt to mislead or perhaps hide previous evidence of offenisve reading material from futher generations.
no person can tell them it's wrong just because they thinks it's offensive or wrong.
now, every time a parent needs to punish or ""ground"" their child, they take away the electronics.
this non as simple as typing what ou need to know and hiting the enter key.
or the libraries having books like that.
we weren't able to do it in person and it impossible for one person to three way four people.
doubters say you learn hand-eye cordination with computers, but you can learn better with sports.
another bad thing about , or is that dangerous criminals can hide behind their computers and lure children or teens to a meeting place where they can be kidnapped.
i don' realy see computers can be a bad thing for me.
for most teenagers, having a facebook, myspace, or formspring is not unusual.
those who support advancences in technology believe that computers have a positive effect on people.
in a magazine i read, one expect, () said that leading to type without looking is a great way of improving reflexes.
one of our mane problem in the world is child porn.
people would like to learn about different things.
he helps my mother with household chores.
that is why computers are good and we need them.
but here is a little advice dont spend all!!
that is, until he found out about the chat rooms and virtual worlds on the internet.
the , i believe that computers in today's society have a possitve affect on people.
there would be no rented movie stores, theaters, or success in the movie production industry.
however, going to tell you somethings about this device and now it affects humuns daily life.
it be good for kids to interact with kids out of school but sooem kids take it way to far.
to me that sounds like something with a positive effect, would you say?
if i see one, i just try ignore it; i do not pick it up and read the back or take it home and read it.
not me, i would much rather be with friends outside or having a family picnic at a park or lake.
if you're are old, and can't go to the grocery store anymore, you can order then online.
typing skills are needed by almost everyone in the world.
now i just told you why technologie is a good thing to have.
so with the information, made of wide variety of brouchers from it.
with video chat you can see each other & talk at the same time, thats amazing.
this shows instead of buying games online, your buying seeds to help the environment.
also they have fun games and websites which is always a plus.
i predict that as a result the informational acces the computer gives us, that soon grades will boost at least to .
if you have friends and family that you want to reconnect with the computer can help you find information about where they are located.
if the number of computers used in each household increase the amount of obese people in will as well.
libraries should have censorship because young kids could come and open and look at it.
this is why computers are bad.
we would be destroying what could possibly be tomorrows masterpeice.
but i hope to find some good home again.
appraise the computer.
here crime is not glorified.
when she returned to england she set up a training college for nurses.
i hope i gave you some kind of shock that music and books should'nt be removed if offensive.
book-fairs bring the authors and readers close to each other.
it's like a powerful drug.
first, allows students to easily get good grades on projects and reports.
there is no reason in the world that there should not be able to be a variety types of books out.
get outside go for a road trip save life humanity your fellow niebor your family.
my first reason is kids might have to write an eassy for school.
the computer is one of the greatest inventions created.
it is just something in our world that we have to live with
there are many ways to health you can bike, run, walk, rog canate, climb a mountain, etc.
as you can see, some games can teach us how to type.
in the statement katherine made, she is supporting that very idea; taking away our kids right to learn us history.
small can make websites to promote them selves and explain their star to potential coustomers.
there is this one thing about computers that remains constant.
www.facebook.com, that is one of the most visited pages on the internet for all different ages, it deffinetly benefits you.
but sometimes people take advantage over it.
using the computer is one of the most unhealthy choices ever.
that would lead to hundred of kids with on obesity problem.
overall, computers are a very beneficial tool in our society.
i know your thinking to yourself.
with the invention of the computer, more and more people can communicate quicker and eaisier.
to start things off computers are a great way to help out in school because it's a quicker way to get an education.
another thing about computers is they help you in the work place.
would it be amazing if you could just find a recipe go to?
they are an excellent tool for all ages.
as you can see, many people would be better off without computers!
my hobby is reading books.
long time ago we don't even have computers, but now we do.
this book is all about hate amongst people we don't fully understand like thier religion and how they look.
those people are very wrong!
do you think that books that have vulgar things in them should be on libaries shelfs?
here are a few , , , and 's .
while they are in his or her room they've most likely all the computers.
there it is with the date exactly.
hand-eye coordination is a thing.
an application called microsoft office is used in countless bussinesses, microsoft office word, powerpoint, excel and .
now let me explaine more about what a positve effect the computer is for the millions of people that use one.
in nature there is always some thing new.
i strongly beleive people should be outside than on a computer.
in the internet every thing is more easy, i mean all you have to do to learn how it works is to use a keyboard & mouse.
of coures, there are no modern amenities like transport, hospitals, school etc.
defeating these monsters and such really helps you in sports.
the question is, are these advances for the better?
music these days have a lot of bad language in them, but that's what makes people interested in them.
for most of my childhood i did this and it was very simple.
computers help kids around the world find thing quickly and easily.
i saw my brother on the computer talking to his friends on facebook.
the computer teaches hand-eye cordination when people don't even realize , through typing whether typing an email or an essay your hands are working and helping you.
these novels contain anything from brutal horror, to adult material, or foul language.
it appear easy to the untrained spectation.
do you know what skill was used to hit that ball?
finally, computer is a great way to keep busy.
lot about computers.
my hobby has helped me to take great interest in history and geography.
finally the last reason why computers are bad is because they take away from your family life.
my mother , brother, and myself visited the library one evening.
censorship is important.
now almost /2 of boys in grade at agree to spending too much time on computers.
in my opinion i think it is a great way so you can catch up on funny times that you can and friends shared.
this is causing many bad-habit forming.
your computer can also a lot more things.
dont forget you dont see his picture so he come's over and most of three men are looking a quick fix.
i just hope that family members don't get offened by this.
fou feel so good about your self now.
well here's you answer, ""'.""
these sites give people a chance to find with old friends.
computer games only cost about and are instant access.
there are many types of materials in the library to entertain you.
so people should do some of the other things i said instead of just going on the computer all of the time.
he saves many lives.
i believe that the world is benefiting from the advances in technology today.
i hope you liked and understod my reasons and will take them in to concideration when going over the topic.
if this goes on alot of teens will loose the people they.
sure you can talk to people on the computer but you can't bond with them or really see what they are feeling.
they ar also always coming out with new software for your computer.
the person you're talking to phnes only give you audio and that doesn't give you the some thing.
well, this is what has to say about it, "" wonderful!
in the evening he returns home.
we are very thin because what we do almost every .
some books, depending on the teacher, have what some would consider offensive language and topics.
there on like for eight hours.
many people that i know, have learned how to use the computer or type without anyone telling them hour to do so.
or at least your children have.
us, citizens, wnt to know everything... for us to stay safe and notified on the latest.
without hand-eye cordinatoin how are you supose to hit a ball coming at you with a bat, how are you supose to catch a ball with your hands?
when i go onto the computer for only minutes my eyes start to water.
many people are interested in these movies.
computers can help you get your college degree in a comfortable environment.
my second reason why, is because if you have a webcam and some of your relatives live very far away you can see them when ever you want.
some kids in school are on the internet all day talking to friends who live down the street.
i just think that technology like computers take a whole quater of our life by mostly doing the work for us.
that is another downside to computers.
people walk into the library and most of the time books are labled by what they are about.
a country cannot be by the sick, useless, and isolated.
i would agree because computers do help people with other things like vacations sights, jobs, presents and shoping.
i am torn on this topic because i am against censorship, but i am also for it when laws are being broken.
computers allow us to search the web and arm ourselves with knowledge.
one you can use them for almost everything.
once, the only way for us to really talk to her through facebook.
i like books better then internet myself.
now that man can track your child down and possibly kidnap or hurt them.
another reason why libraries should pull off offensive media is because adults can pick up different offensive habits as well.
as a person on this planet, do you really want to be kept separate from others just because they don't live close enough?
a clueless society is a useless society, and in the end they were destroyed.
there were no computers, this hand eye coordination could never developed!
you need to sook up the powerful rays of the sun and have a life changing look around nature.
additionally, from being on the so much and not paying attention at work, it can effect your best grades on the 's!
students, can now type out all assignments, some schools even give laptops to students to use throughout the year.
more people would stop going to the library because there would be no materials sparking their interest.
or talk to a buisness partner, friend, or family?
would you rather use a computer or be in .
i know the only true family time some families have without computers is dinner and that isn't much.
i think that people are spending a lot of time on there computers and not enjoying nature and things.
these are just some of the many ways computers are helpful.
one must actually be outside, experiencing the feel, the smell, and even the taste of nature.
exercising means getting your hear to pound, your body to sweat and me because of endorprimes that ultimately make you feel better.
individuals can show care for the disabled children by spending sometimes with them.
socializing over computers not be as effective as socializing in person but it gives the quieter people.
maybe even invite them our to talk face to face.
computers are a way to increase responsibility, too.
dear , i have same questions for you and i was hoping you could answer them.
please remember my three reasons and don't forget that this includes you to.
first reason that computers are positive is that it can help you with your education.
america is a great nation because of the .do we need to have a to !why should we restrict ourselves and limit our own personal freedoms?
computers help peoples every day lives and they could be helping yours.
it is great to those all you have to is clik a buttom and every bit of information is at you fingertips.
computers have a positive effect on people because it let's family members stay in touch.
in some of these books there is alot of vilence and childern should not be exsposed to that kinda of book books can sometimes be more bad then good.
dear local newspaper editor, more and more people are using computers, but not everyone thinks that is such a good idea.
dear , computers lately have been considered a distraction and unessasary device.
i'd like to hear that my letter to your newspaper was read.
it's true as i have already stated if everything was cenored there be nothing left to be enjoyed.
why should you right you have the option to use a computer which lets you write faster than you could on normal paper.
first of all, as some people say it doesnt let you interact with family members.
also i believe that it is the parents' job to regulate what their children read.
computers today are an invaluble of life, and are irreplaceable.
maybe if you were to take books and movies off the shelfs for censory that alone would offend someone?
they help people learn new things.
being connected and diving off the deep ends are too different concepts.
if the whole community disagree with a library about a certain material then the community have a say in it.
also can by know how to do diffrent things like if you get lost or show you how to get there.
, i would like to tell you computers are very helpful in our society today.
the tv companies even censor historical movies.
cousins and i rarely see one another, but computers make it possible for us to stay connected.
for example using email, and video chat for example i have a friend who moved away and now we email back and forth to keep in touch.
my mom and her sister are sending emails to each other all the time.
they provide plenty of information, communication, and even entertainment.
computers make school projects so simple i don't know if we could do without.
in addition to students writing papers, computers are being used by teachers and school systems for grading, attendance records, and more.
there are three reasons why i think this and these are the following; , people don't get to spend time with their family.
the use of web confrences saves a lot of travel and it allows the company to be in buisness with all over the world.
but there really isn't no reason they should be looking at it.
you can look things uo for a project or too much.
you learn about things in the comfort of your home, or of your home town.
they serve almost the same environments.
getting work done can sometimes feel like another chore.
doctor , who is expert in the connections between health and computers, surveyed people.
kids are more worried about """" or """" or even trying to slay a dragon than spending time with their family.
go to a social website and strike up a conversation.
so there, you can be on task and get ready early.
instead of over charging a phone bill, many people keep in touch via email.
also student use them to do research for school.
it might not offened the next reader.
you can learn typing, work programs, and programing which are all needed in some lines of work.
he is still honored for his three newtonian laws.
depending on your age you should go to the sections that mostly provides the thing you want.
in the progress the computer has put over of single people and expressing the relationship.
""even big time athleats agree.
when i visited my school's library, as a child searching for answers about my sexuality, i found little aid.
they have the ability in and teach us what seems like information, second, they have made the could a smaller place through communication.
we should control ways of water pollution.
since computers were invented, a colossal change in the way society functions has taken place.
if i said that computers are destroying your lives?
finally, the computer is great for playing about every game, there is that you would feel like playing.
there are many controversies on whether computes benefit or do not benefit society.
those sections are there to keep children from reading or seeing things that be what their parents don't want them seeing.
it won't happen to everyone but they need to know these things.
the toys of japan were liked very much by the children.
social networking sites, and instant messaging programs are just two at the many ways to be socially active on a computer.
then, many words would be gone.
firstly, using computers teaches people about hand-eye coordination.
dear local newspaper, i believe that computers are effecting the lives of many people.
all of these connections will widen people's views of the world.
you can look up certain workouts that you might want to do.
i bet the even help young children became smarter by biulding things on the computer.
computers will save me from bordom.
why spend hundreds or on a tool that is not even necessary?
when they go to work, not everything will be done on a computer, but this is all they are being taught to use.
this time could be used by doing more important things such as being with friends and family, being outside with nature or exercising.
i told her to talk to her teacher and he changed the book for her.
all these qualities are helpful to prepare us to live as good citizens in society.
the computer is like a cause and effect.
in all, of people agree with my idea about computers.
i think this because of three reasons, , it allows people to relax and wind down after a long day of work.
if i am at the i will always look for a book interest me.
for those parents or people who disagree with what is shown on the shelf.
the lady askd why i was bringing it to her and i had to tell her the bad news, that it was up in the childrens section.
my friend just get a computer for her office.
when you type, your fingers are moving all around the keyboard, creating hand muscles.
we will start it in our home garden.
its neck and body are covered with bright blue feathers.
more and more people should lay off it.
if these such parent do their jobs correctly then the youth of will not need for everything to be censored.
as s result, i use it for homework.
movies are rated based on their content.
computers also have their flaws.
why take that magic away from children
whenever a student needs information on a certain topic, then they use the internet for help.
kids are even getting portable computers, thats how addicted they are.
do you have family that's across the country that you are rarely able to see?
, instead of totally reling on computers to diagnose problems, have them and the doctor find out.
you are probably saying that you have time to manage both, but some people would rather exercise.
another problem caused by computers is kids talking to strangers.
i hope i have made it so that we are looking at this from the same angle.
i can say for myself that once i log onto the computer, i might not be off for the next hours.
so many people find so many thigs offensive.
imagine if an woman brought her daughter of years into the library to find information about a school project.
computer have mark information then any book in the world.
one has to work hard and practice for some time to become a good meson.
in addition to that, there are websites who offer free movies and television shows to be streamed right to your computer.
if it doesnt harm anyone or themselfs then let it go on and happen.
they have a critical knocking on their front door.
but if you actually think about, are these websites benefitting anybody.
i was devastaded.
with these items behind the counter, people will not know about it and it will be hidden from view, but still acesiable with special order or request.
they hit the ball hard from their side to the side of the rivals.
family and friends are huge parts of our life.
do you want your child to learn?
also, the information on the computers internet might be naccurate.
it would be like them being in the room with you.
furthermore, computers are a way for students to study.
i know i do.
the internet is very addictive.
learning about different cultures would be another issue if books and movies were depleted.
it is useful to interact with people of other nationalities.
someone like did a asom trick and you mist look up .
im sure there is one place youve always wanted to learn about!
there won' be many if you eyes are glued to the computer screen.
take movies as another example.
you back aches from being in this posistion so long.
until i found her on facebook.
so people should not take away books, movies,and music that are bad.
the students in the hostels are looked after by the warden.
there are already all these other banned books out there why ban any more.
you both are allowed to decide what you do and dont like.
this reason has pently to do witj not fit.
as you can clearly see, computers are used all around the world for many different reasons.
over all computers have a positive effect on people.
in conclusion i strongly believe that these materials should be left on the shelf.
without computers people could not learn.
it is an institution that is allows one to go places that they will never go and live lives they never will live.
if you do that then mabe your computer will lost everything on it.
i think that it would really suck and tons would agree with me.
smart people would agree that coordination is a very helpful skill.
they start getting fat theire carasaprel get high and they stress more.
lets face it, computers are faster then us; way faster.
also to play games on.
some scientists suggest computers improve your hand-eye coordination, while others think it makes people smarter because they are seeing new things.
that way, if there are complaints of the item, the library would not be blamed.
i would hate for some little year old or year old to pick that thing up she would be scarred for life.
computers have become nearly an addiction to most teenagers.
their schedule could be chaotic.
also, not just librarys', can be seen or heard from schools, on the radio, t.v.
i've read a few books, watched a few movies, and heard a few songs that were offensive even to me in some way.
did you know that out of every americans spend an average of a hours online everday?
writters and artists took their time for completing a novel or series for us to read or hear.
computers are addicting.
life without newspaper is difficult to imagine.
no, i don't think that books or any other material should be taken off shelves in libraries just because some people might find them offensive.
here is my last reason.
no one should ever walk out a library with the feeling of being offended.
the webcam allows me to see me grandma.
i believe this because people spend more time on the computer than they exerciseing.
it was a very interesting show.
't wait until you have forgotten, call now.
there are many offensive books and thangs on the shelvs.
some think that they should and others think that they shouldn't be.
no matter what the problem, don't you believe a computer is always a source of information that could help?
everybody has their on opinion on censorship and everybody can not get what they want.
i have a pet rabbit.
for example, it helps people re-connect with their former friends.
just cause there is some kind of material they find offensive does not mean that everyone does to.
i'm here to talk about the content of libraries and what we should do with them.
if you to type, then you a good job.
have you ever heard the old aget "" is power""?
afterwards, said they felt an improvement in their mood.
chinese government officials have cut off access to the dangerous websites.
it's all about action to the boys, drama for the girls, and everyone wants to hear those juicy details.
more you take books away the more the population on watching television gets higher.
dear, opinion is getting out of mind.
most of them are free to create an account so you don't need to worry about monthly bills for them.
they are not spending time with the family instead they would like to spend their free time on the .
lastly, being on a computer gives you less time to exsecise and stay healthy.
dear local , i am deligted to write this letter to you.
finnaly, computer half in life.
i know some people that could be workin all day and still come home to there computer.
computers are sometimes seen as a nusence.
another feature computers have is that they can actually educate.
but as i said, i hope i made my point clear, and i hope you agree with me.
also, computer are not only letting people talk to their friend, but its causing bullying.
whenever i get free time, i read books and i enjoy it.
well this is only the begining.
our body needs excersise to live.
i know i have watched a movie or two that i probably shouldn't have.
i have got a dog.
i think if they want adult type material they should have a section just for adults.
all you will have to type one time or another.
maybe somebody else finds it interesting and it comtains the information that they have been seeking.
first, the reason why i say a computer is a big handy person because it does most of the things a human can do.
someone is using the car and you need to go grocery shopping and the store is too far.
i couldn't beleive fat he got so my mom told him and now instead of playing on the computer he goes to the gym.
they also hold your information.
having computer allows that family to chat an easy way to keep in contact talk with each other.
a perfect example of those items are historical documentaries or historical books they have no other way to get the information needed across to the reader or viewer.
this isn't a problem though because people have to spend long periods of time on computers in order to do the beneficial things that computers have to offer.
dear local newspaper, opinion on the effects that computers have on people is that more and more obese people.
if a student has a question about an assignment, he or she can ask a friend or the teacher.
people like to go there to read book, get on the computers, and do activities with their families.
time flys by as your clicking and typing.
or becasue some of the material in the show or magazines are to offensive towards people with disabilities, races, ect.
sometimes it be better off if the children read these articles by themselves so it'd save time from having parents explain it to them later.
instead of making a really big poster board for project, i made a power point instead that was so much easier.
it's not the writers fault.
also, peoples lives and reputations have been ruined by computors.
if a book does, don't read .
well im a regular person not rich not famous but computers provide lot of information people use today.
on the other had, censorship towards things that portey hatred not bad either.
the wings of the ostrich is so small that it cannot fly as
you can use computers to research different things.
i dont think computers are good because most importantly they're dangerous.
computers have become something that people depend on.
computers have been known to help develop health issues.
dear , i think computers have a positive effect on people.
we cannot, as a society, forget our past because as many historains say, history repeats its self.
so , as you can see computers have helped our society greatly with improvement and progression.
people do not like policemen because they think that all policemen are corrupt and dishonest.
these are so many uses and fun expeirences you can have with a computer.
when someone finds something offensive they could just avoid that instead of getting it removed and upsetting other people.
they can simply go on the computer and have food and other necessities delivered to them.
from one reader to another, taking the on what we read is the real solution.
as you can see computers are important.
take, for example, the .
books can be fiction or nonfiction.
in addition to computers taking away from excerscising they are also taking time away from your family.
parents is this what you want for your ?
it is important to offer alot of variety because if a library doesn't have alot of variety, then the library would lose all kinds of customers.
that is why i think the computer is .
and otherwise, like youtube or google videos.
it's everywhere you look.
if we did not have computers are planet will get more pulluted.
no, i would not think it would be the right thing to do.
some magazines contain inappropriate pictures and articles for young kids, and it's those things that should be kept away from the kids.
this i think can help with the problem.
whether it on a webcam or one of those networks to and chat with each other.
of couse, you tube isn' the only way to make money.
however offense material to races, religions, and other personal aquisitions, is something of different concerns.
reading about and talking to people from different countries is always an option.
also it helps because when you are typing a paper you don't need to look at the keys to know what to type.
in conclusion, the computer is one excellent way to interact.
and discipline among the members of the society is of the greatest value.
in conclusion, computers are very beneficial to us.
these networks also offering access to photosharing and chat, so everybody can see how your family is and vice versa.
once you feel like your in shape, take all of that trainign and put it into a sport.
you can learn so much more information faster.
however, a more relaxing activity could be playing a game with your family or going out with your friends.
i remember wandering around my public library scanning the rows of books and reading the titles.
it is there fault because parents let their child check the items out.
my misery came to an end.
the reason i think that they should stay on the shelf is because it might interest some of the people that read them.
as a result, a computer is a great use to play games.
he keeps the books in proper order.
i mean i find them everyday for example, how people use there language like swearing or even the tv show they watch.
we are trained as humans to look for the bad in situations.
my aunt is required to use her computer everyday at work.
say that you have family members that live in or you can keep in touch with them by e-mail or video chat.
for example, i like to listen to hard rock, heavy metal, and rap.
no one can base censorship on one belief or idea, because it will never be the belief or idea that everyone approves of.
there are literaly hundreds of sites to find a definition online.
i hope you take my letter and into consideration.
computers are helpful machines, more the mist are missing out on using a computer.
this is a reason i wish censorship was in our local libraries.
then another, and another.
in my opinion computers are handy, but dangerous.
all freedoms are taken away by that one word.
some people might say that computers are useless, but that is not true.
computers are easy to get addicted to, use a lot of electricity, and can make people fat and lazy.
also, in books this is becoming an issue.
they can be used as a valuable learning tool, help communication, and teach skills that will be used for life.
you won't get a lot of sleep and won't be able to concentrate.
it's up to them to make a choice, so ask your self,"" you believe that computers are good or bad for our society?
sports require a great deal of hand eye coordination.
becoming overweight has many health risks liked heart other.
i love computers, don't you?
for example, not all kids like to eat corn.
but when it comes to a nude magazine, all about sex and being naked, that should be in adult stores only.
on the other hand, computers give people the ability to learn about far away places and people.
more people across the country have gained weight due to unhealthy food and no physical exercise.
dear , advances in computer technology have positively affected the society we live in today.
i know that childeren should be able to go to a liabrary and be satistfied on the way the libary is.
lastly, noe grades are lower then ever for students.
i know that my brother is always looking for help because he is younger.
i have a few relative in , .
student agreed that his friend have better jobs they know how to use computers.
i didnt care that it singled out white people so what its funny.
even a rough draft they want me to type.
so get off your butt and go outside.
the boat was quit spacious though not a very big one.
having libraries censor things would make people feel left out.
even nowadays with laptops if one was to be brought outside, the user would be focusing on the screen, not what is around them.
plus about computers is that they allow you to learn about far away places wtihout really going there.
i believe that the act of computers overwhelming a person's life should be with in a serious manner.
since we are only graced with their presenced about once a year we begin to miss them.
i believe that libraries should not rid their shelves of 'offensive' material.
a school cannot function smoothly without discipline.
and do nothing except the computer.
computers also benefit society for buisness people they might have to a powerpoint and they have a computer.
that said, i don't believe that certain media should be banned.
after watching these kind of scenes, a parent needs to sit down with their child and talk about what they jus saw.
whether it is basketball, football, baseball, track, tennis or my favorite thing to do, skateboarding.
aside from that computers make life easier.
a better example would be the parents or gaurdians of a kid who was killed either by accident or on purpose.
there are extremes to pieces of media where one sometimes must ask, ' were they thinking when they made that?'
the computer to most people i know is the greatest invention besides the obvious ones.
you how useful a computer can do.
there you go, there are endless possibilities with computers.
well now that you've heart what i've had to say about how i think computers are positive.
unable to bear the smoke i moved away fast.
thinking of this and making sure not to damage the computer are ways to increase responsibility.
in my personal view, if you do not like the language of the book, put it back on the shelf.
to educate and informate.
what is it?
addressing you can't place the blame on computers why people don't exercise people as much.
censorship in libraries i know as well as everyone else does, that you can find almost anything, reading related, in the library.
tennis, baseball, basketball, hockey, etc are all great sports that practice hand eye coordination.
the books are trusted and filled with information.
some people think computers are bad because some people spend too much time on their computers.
everyone has their own opinion, as do i, and i believe it should be allowed.
also allows for people to ask questions.
he worked to remove poverty, economic inequality, and untouchability.
we need to cutback on our societys use of computers because it will help us all when it really counts.
third of all computers allow students and many others to learn and look up things they don't know.
dear , i understand that more and more people use computers, and that can have a good side and a bad one.
you can also buy thing off the computer.
a computer is the world at your finger tips.
if there is a topic that a younger individual is not mature enough to understand, he or she get the wrong impression or ideas about the subject.
they could be all over the internet the next day.
i think for the same reason of how i feel about the books and music.
but instead people are always to busy to talk to there family members becuse they are always on the comptuer doing stuff they dont need to being doing.
second reason why computers have a positive effect on people is because they help you learn about places around the world the world.
every store should have their own certain things and what you find offensive other people might like.
first of all, people who are offended by certain books and movies should speak up, and do something about it.
the internet takes less time than going to the libary and getting back.
facebook, and even baseball have become an addicting activity that people consume all of their time with.
yes it might take away times to do other things like exercising, but we can find out away to do both.
eight out of ten people talk to another person almost every day on the computer.
in public librarys i think it should be ok to have every type of book.
from the time they were your children probably had a keyboard at their fingertips.
there are games on websites.
talking online and meeting up with strangers people you don't know can be a reason of your lost.
since your eyes are already bad you might think ""well they can't get any worse.""
more and more people use computers, but not everyone agrees that this benefits society.
everyone goes to school, so that means everyone has projecets.
these are grown ups, using the tools available to improve their lives.
people can gain the effects of laziness, little brain effort, and lose interaction with the outside world.
back before the telephones was invented, people struggled to have a reliable source of communications with where communication is important because it is the main source of communicating.
on you can follow famous people like the receicer.
after i might go walk or play my but i'll still conected to the web because the picks up on wi-fi connections.
dear , people are using technology.
you wouldn't have to worry about ever losing communication with them.
the second detail is that the person will change, the person will be lazy to go to fun events with you as a freind.
he has a high moral character.
by now you that i would like to.
i think that computer help many, people in our society.
kid's spend as much a hours a day on a , and not keeping active, pull kid's in like a magnet.
tecenology has gone far over the years.
that's why i think communication is the biggest effect on people due to the use of a computer.
you would also be learning about their culture.
first off, we can benefit from computers because we can learn new things.
and i've been stressed lately.
i makes them blind to enjoy nature.
there is even reading in the workplace, whether it be reciepts or orders or recipes.
computers informed many people about them.
you can become obese.
when your supposed to be vacationing in .
it's much easier to talk to someone online for long periods of time because you won't have to pay for phane minutes!
therefore you can interact online.
keep the books that are on library shelves now for many generations to come and enjoy for themselves
this time is verry important because you never know when your family will be gone!
your loved ones they are always there for you when you need them.
each one covered a different topic such as suicide, alcholism, drugs, sex, same sex dating, and jealousy.
do computers benfit the society?
computer let people see pictures and videos.
no longer do most children help cook, clean, do chones, or spend time with siblings.
katherine paterson is extremely correct by saying that taking a book from a shelf everytime someone wants one banned will not leave books for anyone.
out of have at least two computers in the house for a reason.
dear local newspaper, i have concerned because lately a lot of people have been using computers alot.
if you get rid of computers i would not be able to stay in contact with tem anymore.
you can even talking online with your friends on computer!
a email, this is a great to relie or.
material is written or made to show the feelings of the author and how they want thier feelings or knowledge portrayed.
free from temptation and independent human beings.
but peoples education is also effected.
almost everyday, my mon and dad receive friend requests from long lost school friends as well as relatives and current friends.
people have died because they spent too much time on the without eating and sleeping.
don't get me wrong i love reading but like i said before certain things are just ment to never be read or just never be found.
i think computers are a great way to have fun.
everyone knows about hackers, and so we avoid them.
our doubts are our traitors’, said shakespeare.
so therefore to keep everything sepreate, and there shouldnt be no problem.
in conclusion i believe people have spent way to much time using computers, due to games, internent chatting, and reports being done last minute.
just because we don't like it doesn't mean we have to remove it.
there are many sites that allow you to chat with your friends and leave messages on their ""wall"" but is that really communicating?
if you rae working and you need to get another degree for your job.
if you don't have knowledge you cant get anywhere in life.
you must be insane!
most people barely see their family when their at home because their consumed in the computer.
did you know that computers are the number selling electronic device in the world?
they have created a rating system to try give the audience a fair warning heads up, so that the audience knows what to suspect in the movie.
computers are good because people can find what they need and their fun ask things find places get things for a good price.
the computer can teach people what they will do on their job, and what to expect.
nearly everyone in has a computer, about , and is ruining our country.
at school libraries they really dont have bad things they only have school approte things.
computer is also good because whenever you dont know something, you can just go on the internet and search it.
when the amendments freedom of speech and press were written down they were intended to stay there.
what is offensive and what is not is a personal choice and it all depends on that person's point of view.
along with many other search engines are an easy way to find what you are looking for.
did you know out of people said that the chat & email programs are because they can contact friends, family, and co-workers.
although i like the thought, to actually remove said books would be unfair.
see i was just thiking that cause i said that it's a rap for but just trying to say this computer went benifit anyone way.
dear local newspaper, i agree that people are spending more time on the computers and less time doing other important stuff.
but people making it more addicting by creating things such as never ending games and its distracting people from there life, family, work and exercise.
to go along with that, adults and children use the computer to type something on word if its for a report for work or an essay in school.
an for friends this is a good way because if they move you can talk to them on this.
computers are very important in life because without computers we would not learn how to communicate with each other.
it' amazing because the computer helps lots of people and jobs.
lastly, we rely on computers too much, which leads to problems.
have you ever wanted to go on vacation to somewhere overseas?
the computer is a technology that greatly benifits our communication, our entertainment, and even our education.
some people like certain kinds of books and movies while others not.
if libraries were censored there would be a lot of missing information in world because there are many things in world that are 'offensive' to atleast someone
so if you need to find a job then you can go on the computer and find a job that is right for you.
we all make a big deal over something so small.
so computers are helpful but they're not always find something to do outside but whats sometimes different with a computer.
i think that libraries will have more business with the offensive things then without.
trees help to prevent soil erosion and floods.
if most people are upset by something, it will probably start disappearing from sight.
dear newspaper, though computers have many benefits, they also have many faults too.
this advantage is allowing friendships and relationships to continue, is that really bad?
computers also allow us to talk and communicate to people when there is no other way.
lunch...,...,...,....computers are taking over our lives.
computers have such a big effect on us with so many skills that people don't ignoledge enough.
dear the , experts say that computers are ""taking over people"", i strongly disagree.
these are all things adults and kids need a like to do.
when we saw each other at school, we found hard to carry a conversation and took some getting used to talking face to face again.
this is becoming a problem all over our state and country.
the last thing needs is more kids becoming fat!!
however, the is also for computer.
i do not belive this should be done.
lastly, you can use the computer to communicate with people that live far away and you rareley ever see.
it would be a terrible place.
people are spending too much time on their computer and less time exercising, enjoying nature, and interacting with family and friends.
someome else enjoy something that you do not.
if people use profanity at home im a strong beleaver on leaving it at home and not bringing it out in public.
i started crying with fear.
experts did a study and it showed that times the reason a teen goes on the internet is to connect with friends. ""
our generations are just becoming more technology enhanced.
computers are a very usefull piece of machinery.
most people that use computers use them to talk to friends and other people around the world.
finally, and most importantly, computers help improve communication between people.
then once they find one your interested in they'll tell you.
having computers will help raise a students grades and help them have a more successful life in the future.
from the people who are gaining weight every day because the sit on the computer and chat all day.
many parents watch their children go through this and are sometimes helpless to stop it.
i dont think so, there is really no reason that if people take it offensive about something they read or listen to.
so in my closing i would like for you to consider my opinion as a wise outlook on offensive/ discrimating issues.
he is preparing for the matriculation examination.
he is polite and courteous.
one day when my mother work me, i did not feel like getting up.
while using a computer you can also talk to people.
it changes peoples whole life.
so what you choose pay over thirty dollars just for a long distance call or stay on the computer.
just type what your looking for, add .com at the end and !
it's ; we shouldn't be finsing information in books or writing everything by hand anymore.
is clear that if you want to stay healthy, computer usage should be limited.
going on the internet to learn new information is a great way to useing your souce.
what he doesn't know is that while he is building relationships with strangers he is breaking the bond between him and his loved ones.
why is my only question to why the people want to censor material in the libraries.
by removing the source of all these troubles, those acts can be prevented and society begin to the pain for reform.
the library has different sections for different groups like the yound or section, easy children or picture and .
people can also finding names, numbers, or address useing websites like yellow pages can be a relieable resource for that.
or in rare cases the parents are the cause of it.
my mother kept them carefully in my room.
how would you feel if your child came up to you asking what drugs are ?
at most jobs you have to know how to work a computer.
and thru facebook, my mother can speak with him any time she wishes and over from their relatives.
says a local mother as she talks about a computer game.
but that doesnt.
i dont think that libraries include anything offensive.
now is the time to decide if you should support computors.
one experience i can think of that is a good example of this is when i was years old.
when i made a , i talking to people who go to my school.
they can also make it easier to buy things you need, look for jobs, and many other things.
they should only spend a certain amount of time on them and not all day.
computers are great writing tools.
also it would not matter to me if i walked or drove or rode my bike to the library.
should taking books, music, and movies off shelves of libraries even be questioned?
more and more people are becoming obese.
also, you can video chat with your lab partner to discuss how you can make the lab report better!
next, you spend less time playing nature.
it helps most people with their jobs, college/school, and you can even buy a house or car online.
why can't they just allow the materials in our libraries.
from slave states to all free states.
i think it is important for material such as that to be left so it can looked on upon.
and with you having bad eyes you can get serious head injures just from hurting your eyes.
these computers are bad for people.
to me, the problem of someone being on the computer too much sounds more like a family problem than a social problem.
when a child starts getting exposed to violence, illegal acts, alcohol and drugs in books or movies, they start to think it's okay.
many libraries in the world have censoring on their materials.
scientests at the lab in said that out of regular computer users lost their vision within two years.
keep these things separate: adult books, magazine, movies, music, etc.
computers are killing us as a nation.
you have to at least put and age limmiet of some stuff.
the world would be better off without computers.
my conclusion is that they should seperate the stuff that is offensive and put it in another section of the library.
lastly, why i think computers actually do help us is technollogy has come a long way.
or get bad grades for doing the bad research.
they can help tourist learn about a location they wish to travel to.
the professor at says at least students spell abreveated words in tests.
to connect 's with missing out on sports because of the computer that will cause you to become over weight.
stories like that often break rest on the internet.
such as if gives you hadn and eye coordination, gives people the ability to research on far away places and allows you to talk to far away family.
now, synewnesia isn't the only free instrument learning program.
dear newspaper, i'm writing to you about the debate that you are having asking if people should use computers.
also your not just siting there your moving your fingers and your using your brain.
children and teens need to be protected from this major threat!
i actually think its a good idea about people being on their computers.
you stop reading all of a sudden and look at your child who is enjoying this violence and loving this story!
put the adult books in the adult section, and don't let the little kids go in that area.
this holds true with everything- including media.
all have to do is type in a keyword or phrase and you have instant research on whatever you wont you wont information on.
these days its harder to not stay in touch than it to stay in touch.
most importantly, i was able to hand in essay on time because of the information a computer provides and i was able to communicate with family.""
we also use the computers for the programs they have.
can't go on a computer that isn't there.
if this visious circle would continue then we wouldn't have any books left at all to read.
dear , advances in technology and computers is a bad thing.
if there is a child in the house they might have to search something up on the internet for school.
computer activities keep our brain excercising and even help us hit more accurately next baseball season!
these books should not be removed just because they are offensive to other people.
i went to on the and sound a storage of information on the for my project on wehter capital punishment is and unusual.
if you participate in these activities, you will meet other kids your age around the town.
like if you were a student and you had to write a paper on .
talking over the computer is great!"
there are people out there that go on these websites on their computers and pretend to be a teen.
as you can see, technology these days is always getting more and more advanced.
if they are offensive by rachism or being prejudice i think they shouldnt be on the shelfs.
most importantly it will help kids an adults on school work or work.
to sum this all up i would like to tell you local news paper that you should agree that computers are a good thing for the society!
dear of , you think our excersizing and being in nature is becoming less and less?
in the end online shoping is great because you can save money compare and on many great things.
this is my last reason now the computer can benifit you.
as more and more people are becoming accustomed to using computers, i believe that this is having a negative effect on society.
the more your use your computer the faster you will trash it.
children, however, should be treated as a special case.
i remember one time i was talking to my dad cause i had no minuts on my phone and it went great talking to him on the computer.
so as you can see, computers has its benefits because it can teach you social skills.
yes, books and movies should be censored.
computers teach many skills you need to know for jobs, and other skills you need times in life.
by having a computer you can chat with them through your webcam!
not everyone is interested in the same book genre.
edline is homework or an assignment.
dear local newspaper, computers are a usefull tool when doing a school report or something to that effect but, we really need thoes computers.
you censor what your child reads and do not punish the people who go into the library and need the book.
of kids get so tired they can't do anything once they get off the computer.
furthermore, families and friends that live across the country are able to keep in touch due to email, video chats and facebook.
computers provide an easy way to learn and communicate.
i hope you see my point of view.
you can't take away something that is fun to do so why take them
people come home by .k and other fast food go on the computer and eat.
computers are taking away family time, exercise privledges, and time spent on school on school work.
do you use the internet to help you?
people can use the computer to much and they want exercise.
for some people i agree that they stay on the computer to much and became very lazy.
some people learn more about people from books.
you can spend experts or give that some poeple spend too much time on thier computers.
so be one of the out of that instead of staing iside views the great things the earth has to offer.
for example, some music could be offensive; therefore, i'm not saying that music shouldn't be totally removed from libraries.
you be thinking, "" , how is this a bad thing?"".
i get so engrossed in the book that i often to eat.
it would tire him.
so don't go to a gym, stay at home and enjoy your day with your internet!!!
i couldn't check it out because i wasn't at least .
these are ways how computers do benefit our society.
it is faster and more accurate.
that's not healthy.
computer's also make work easier, and you interact with people!
also a computer can help unemployed people find a job.
you can converse with friends that have moved across the state, country, or even world.
you can make that desicion.
so that is the last reason why i'm for computers.
now, i can see how books are an excellent resource in society, and how they provide for amazing information, however it takes years to publish books!
finally i think people should have to give up reading, listening to, watching or looking at things that be interesting to them
this is what we do to our bodys when we get on computers.
it is very popular, but also extremly addicitve.
well, everyone knows the same old question ' do babies come from?'.
keep reading to find out more.
firstly, computers are mandatory to have for work and .
certain materials do not have to be removed completly from a library.
anyone who fails to keep with the speed becomes a loser.
stories, novels, magazines, or books on tape of any type find their way onto our library shelves, it is then our job to discover them.
should be removed from a shelf due to content.
also most talkative skills will help kids today with there confidence.
life with computers has lead to less people exercising and obesity rates increasing.
he is a very good athlete.
this is due to censorship.
don't you sometimes wish you were a little kid again running bare footed a field with your parents?
sites like , and can can help you find friends by connecting you in a chat room to a random person, just to talk.
instead, she was with her every step on webcam, emailing and .
without a dout i firmly believe that people that dont use computers should start to use them.
they even indulge in many criminal activities.
here are my reasons why.
dear local newspaper, it has came to attention that many people do not agree if computers have a beneficial or bad affect on those who use them.
now this is an inconvenience to people, so why not use the internet thats quick, and.
in keeping children away from these vulgar things , they should have,or keep seperate sections for kids, and adults.
the ability to learn about foreign countries is a big part in learning as a student.
really the band talking about one mans life and how he turns his life from being a drug addict to having the best life someone could ever live.
also, due to advancement in technology, computers are very helpful because they help with our daily lifes.
exercise must be took part in to burn fat and calories, but it is also needed to build and maintain muscles.
except for my eyes.
movies that talk about and .
it will make your a better person!
what could be better?
then you go meet up with your friend when it really wasn't.
not just by talking on the phone.
makeing then do stuff and then have a bad future.
all this time with this fun could be spent doing studying or something to help you out in the future.
did you know that the human body has only one liver!!
today is the day!
the computer allows for quick and beneficial research.
the people that do like that than do lessn to it or see just shanjet to something more than that.
now that you have my opinions and beleifs you can get a better understanding of what i mean.
i would have gotten stock in downpour without an umbrella!
as for music and movies that could be place in the same catogoery can be reasonable.
loved him and they elected him as their president.
you have to control under the books.
dear , name is and i want to argue about the issue of computer use in , , i'll tell you about the benefits of owning a computer.
they help people of all ages.
if you are always on the computer how are you going to get exercise?
in short my veiw of book censorship is that, the library will choose the books that go into the library.
in conclusion everything i have said about why being on the computer too long is bad for you proves that too much computer is bad for people.
libraries could take some time to separate the books into categories and the books that they feel are offensive could go into a separate section of the library.
of people can get through difficult and stressful times with family.
so i think it just depends on what kind of stuff people like, everyone likes something different.
should censorship be allowed in libraries?
it told me was located in .
there are new additions daily.
computers get smarter, maybe they can also do incredible things like work for us and automaticly buy something for us if we are running out of .
you need to mail a letter to , e-mail comes into place, and you mail will never be slow.
i can tell you right now that mant teachers would be torn apart without the compluter.
, top nothe educational provider in the history .
teacher also can allow students to research for projects online and participate in online educational activities.
what if your friend moved a few states over wouldn't you still want to communicate?
the government has the right to control what we partake in, but does that seem fair?
there are sections on the shelves that say what genre they are.
they allow you to learn new things, are very helpful for school and work, and they can keep family an friends connected.
these are the reasons why i dont think computers benifit us.
allows us to connect with family in far away places and surf the internet for new information.
i think computers do have a positive effect on people.
and even comunicating these are what computers should be used not unhealthy games.
no mother or father wants their kids to be racist, but there are familys that are racist.
computers also help us to send emergency messages across the world in .
making the public recommend the book, and it having positive outcome on the press is the best an author can ask for
in these paragraphs below i am going to give you my opinion, tell you how people can manage there time better and the effects it can have.
first, computers are a learning resource, and a way people stay updated with the world around them.
i know little kids wouldnt understand those types of things but parents can't keep their kids hidden away forever.
libaries can have books with knowledge, fun, rommance, and action or adventure, but some can be desterbing and grusium.
that's what happens when you don't exercise.
the only reason why i got a bad grade because i depended on the computer for reasearch and it let me down.
computers let you learn more information.
secondly, there are books and movies and other things that show the children shooting and killings and how people get away with it.
so instead of you always watching the news or reading newspaper.
i also feel that those type of magazines should not be in a library.
just because you don't approve of it doesn't mean everybody doesn't approve.
i believe this because you can use them to talk to other family that be far away.
it moves at the speed depending on the force it is paddled with.
computers are often helpful to those with special needs.
computers store massive amounts of data, which means we can story already arrested criminal's finger prints, pictures, , previous record, etc.
i go for a morning walk regularly.
however, the government has taken it upon themselves to try and keep youth from seeing it.
while computers are fun and useful, could they have a negative effect on society?
mango trees bear fruits
study's show that of all football players have excellent hand eye coordination.
is a world-wide used source where you can watch or upload videos so the world can see.
a computer is ruining lives and experts have a right to be worried about people's health!
is there nation television channels?
dear newspaper, i read an article in the paper debating whether or not computers have a positive or negative effect on people.
i hope that you see how computers have molded and helped the world today.
there are so many resaons why taking a book, movie, or anything else off the shelves is wrong.
well that is what must of us kids do nowadays but our parents don't let us play to much.
literature glorifies colour around us.
that child's gonna grow thinking, ''s okay to be naked.
using computers is a great way to keep in touch with someone.
there can be great things in those books that not everybody can reap.
they have already caused exponential advancement.
but there's also a down side.
lastly, many people do research on the internet.
or would it expand to judgement of clothes and lifestyles?
and thats a lot easier then going back to the school to get it!
say you gotta old kid, and he walks up to you carrying a sex love book.
that just goes to show how much i use computers each day.
i believe computers have a positive effect on people because they can be used to learn, communicate, and entertain.
thats why i don't think books that some one thinks is offensive should be taken out of a libary.
they also allow us to type assignments and other important papers.
i also remember when i was in seventh grade the whole class went on .
in conclusion, all of this can only be done with a computer.
first, computers are not a neccesity because people send way to much time on them.
just because that single person doesn't like that certain thing doesn't mean they should take it away from everyone else.
some times they are a nuisance to the society.some beggers supply clues to the thieves.
cause they were brought up on that kind of music.
computers help teach hand-eye coordination and they keep it strong.
the success of democracy largely depends on its power to produce the right type of leadership.
sure they arnt very good for you dosn't mean if you use it correctly then it can be a souce of life.
computers are full of fun games, like solitare and chess.
the problem with computers & why people, mostly kids are so attached with them is because websites such as twitter, facebook, youtube, etc.
but that's not all a computer is good for.
you could talk to your friends online about something in school or whatever.
it gives a deeper look into information about these things.
also if you do make a ""friends"" over the internet, you don't know if they are a stalker or a murderer.
we cannot controll what parents lets their children do but we can in the schools and in the public libraries
thank you for reading my paper local newspaper.
are you offended when you read a book and your eyes cross over a swear word?
that also could go for the sexual magaizes.
polution is being spread all over the planet!
it would get people fit, create closer bonds, and create more gradutes who go on and achieve the greatest of all inventions.
it was rather large, but i had come to love reading in that time of my life so i decided i was up for it.
and i "" who?""
do you spend all or most of your freetime sitting at your computer?
my leaves for thatching their houses.
computers can help people become interested in these different topics and be even inspire some people to go to these faraway places or hack different people.
a lots of uneducated children that stay home or do drugs in the street.
using computers, people can gather data from others and create new inventions to help the world.
got the point but more importantly do you?!
it might help us make a better future.
without technology things would be so much harder.
we the people have a right to read what others have composed thourgh their thoughts and ideas.
then my family bought me a computer, was so nice using the online dictionary.
social networking sites like and are all over the internet.
but i didnt let it pull me down or anything.
lastly, i you sit on the you will miss out on the awesome life you were waiting for since you can remember.
facebook, ichat and email are all fun and easy ways to talk to your friends and family online.
is for these reasons that computers improve hand-eye coordination and other skills.
i think computers have a good effect on people.
we should not buy eatables from such street hawkers.
after coming back from my uncle’s home, i developed the backyard of my house.
i think it's a very good way of keeping in touch with people you can't talk to in real life.
there are websites containing the geography, languages, and traditions of countries waiting for you to learn.
if humans didn't have technology some of us wouldn't have heat or fresh water.
everyone in this world is different and we all like different things.
there are two tipes of games you could play games on the internet like addicting games com or play , online are play with freinds.
the on a computer doesn't go alphabetically.
what i have seen happen is that some people forget where they're at or who the even are.
i don't believe so, but that is my opinion.
i told you why i thought they did and how.
the computer is a great way to keep in touch with family and friends.
another reasons why computers are hand-eye coordination is because if your kid take karayta then might have learned to move there hands that fast from somewhere.
a social life is very important to a grater.
there are films, songs, music, dramas, plays etc.
there is no true way to hide reality from the world.
this is just an example of unneeded information and skills that keeps people wanting to go back on the computer.
my school has a big library.
a fourth reason is by haveing a computer you can go to school on the internet.
these apps are the basic to starting up a business or promoting an invention.
there are movies that will have some sort of sexual reference, a cigarette, or a bad word in them.
take necesary precations.
yes you can learn thinks by the computer but you can also learn by doing it yourself.
we should not take books off the selves because of some people like to read.
blood and all things cruel have been talked about and heard about too.
i would teach them the subjects with real and deep information.
people always say if stay on the computer you get fat and unhealthy, but i don't think that.
my mom said that most of her friends chat online with her.
this leads back to the quote from katherine paterson when she states: 'and then we have no books left on the shelf for any of us.'
i myself have not come across any books, movies, or music that have offended me.
my first reason why we should keep computers is because it help on school homework or projects.
he gets up eats breakfast.
but its a great way to stay in touch with people.
obviously internet is a great socializing activity.
next, libraries are used so often by college students to writer papers for school.
the front page on .com!
last but not least, you can play games on your computer.
everyone who uses computers on a daily basis can confirm that they are very useful.
since our society is so far advanced our businesses need computers in order to complete the jobs.
people who support advances in technology say, "" are able to teach you hand-eye coordination.""
as you can probrably tell, i believe that computers have positive effects on people.
and for the dictionary, you can see what words mean and the dictionay is for learning and doing homework.
i think computers need to stop taking over our world and start just being there when we need them.
instead if i was to use the it would take days.
if you act differently around people that you've never been around before, then you could feel embarassed or maybe even get .
dear newspaper, , i am on the computer alot.
this is important because some people take in information better when they have it infront of them.
just's think of our littel kids if we take there emanginashon away than they would be lost and hoples because that's how they learn and grow up.
when bored i go on google to look up and pichers and play some games.
